 that Pine Ridge is ground zero for native issues in the US. So I've been asked to talk a little bit today about my relationship with Lakota, and that's a very difficult one for me, because if you haven't noticed from my skin color, I'm white, and that is a huge barrier on a native reservation. You'll see a lot of people in my photographs today, and I've become very close with them, they welcome me like family, they call me brother and uncle, and invited me again and again over five years. But on Pine Ridge, I will always be what is called washi-chu. Washi-chu is a Lakota word that means non-Indian, but another version of this word means the one who takes the best meat for himself, and that's what I wanna focus on, the one who takes the best part of the meat. That means greedy. So take a look around this auditorium today. We are at a private school in the American West, sitting in red velvet chairs with money in our pockets. And if we look at our lives, we have indeed taken the best part of the meat. So let's look today at a set of photographs of a people who lost so that we could gain, and know that when you see these people's faces, that these are not just images of Lakota, they stand for all indigenous people. On this piece of paper is the history the way I learned it from my Lakota friends and family. The following is a timeline of treaties made, treaties broken, and massacres disguised as battles. I'll begin in 1824. What is known as the Bureau of Indian Affairs was created within the war department, setting an early tone of aggression in our dealings with the Native Americans, 1851. The first treaty of Fort Laramie was made, clearly marking the boundaries of the Lakota nation. According to the treaty, those lands are a sovereign nation. If the boundaries of this treaty had held, and there is a legal basis that they should, then this is what the US would look like today. Ten years later, the Homestead Act, signed by President Lincoln, unleashed a plot of white settlers in native lands. 1863, an uprising of Santisou in Minnesota, ends with the hanging of 38 Su men, the largest mass execution in US history. The execution was ordered by President Lincoln, only two days after he signed the emancipation proclamation. 1866, the beginning of the Transcontinental Railroad, a new era. We appropriated land for trails and trains to shortcut through the heart of the Lakota nation. The treaties were out the window. In response, three tribes led by the Lakota Chief, Red Cloud, attacked and defeated the US Army many times over. Honore repeat that part. The Lakota defeat the US Army.