 They're responsible for this video. Here it goes again. 50 million plus views on YouTube. Four guys, dancing on treadmills, you know, no cuts, just a static camera, a fantastically viral and wonderful video. So we're really excited about working with them. And we sort of started talking about what it is that they wanted. And they explained that they wanted kind of a root goldbird machine. Now, for those of you who don't know, a root goldbird machine is a complicated contraption. An incredibly over-engineered piece of machinery that accomplishes a relatively simple task. So we were excited by this idea. And we started talking about exactly what it would look like. And we came up with some parameters that, you know, because building root goldbird machine has limitations, but it also is pretty wide open. And we wanted to make sure that we did something that would work for a music video. So we came up with a list of requirements, the 10 commandments. And they were in order of ascending difficulty. The first is no magic. Everything that happened on screen had to be very easily understood by a typical viewer. The rule of thumb was that if my mother couldn't understand it, then we couldn't use it in the video. They wanted band integration, that is, machine acting upon the band members, specifically not the other way around. They wanted the machine action to follow the song feeling. So as the song picks up a motion, so should the machine get grander in its process. They wanted us to make use of the space. So we had this 10,000 square foot warehouse. We were using divided between two floors, it included an exterior loading dock. We used all of that, including a dry hole in the floor that we actually descended the camera and camera man through. They wanted it messy and we were happy to oblige. The machine itself would start the music. So the machine would get started. They would travel some distance reacting along the way, hit play on an iPod or a tape deck or something that would start playback and the machine would maintain synchronization throughout. And speaking of synchronization, they wanted it synced to the rhythm and to hit specific beats along the way. Okay. They wanted it to end precisely on time. Okay, so now the start to finish timing has to be perfect and they wanted the music to drop out at a certain point in the video and actual live audio from the machine to play part of the song. And as if that wasn't enough, all of these incredibly complicating things, right? They wanted it in one shot. Okay. So, just some statistics about sort of what we went through in the process. The machine itself has 89 distinct interactions. It took us 85 takes to get it on film, to