 states and most recently Charlie Simpson helped to raise 120,000 pounds for Haiti on his little bike. So as you can see evidence by such examples, age has absolutely nothing to do with it. The traits the word childish addresses are seen so often in adults that we should have abolished this age discriminatory word when it comes to criticizing behavior, associative irresponsibility and irrational thinking. Thank you. Then again, who's to say that certain types of irrational thinking aren't exactly what the world needs. Maybe you've had grand plans before, but stop yourself thinking, that's impossible or that cost too much or that won't benefit me. For better or worse, we kids aren't hampered as much when it comes to think about reasons why not to do things. Kids can be full of inspiring aspirations and hopeful thinking, like my wish that no one went hungry or that everything were free kind of utopia. How many of you still dream like that and believe in the possibilities? Sometimes, a knowledge of history and the past failures of utopian ideals can be a burden because you know that if everything were free, then the food stocks would become depleted and scarce and leaped chaos. On the other hand, we kids still dream about perfection. And that's a good thing because in order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first. In many ways, our idacity to imagine helps push the boundaries of possibility. For instance, the Museum of Glass and Coma Washington, my home state, you who Washington. A has a program called Kids Design Glass and Kids Draw Their Own Ideas for Glass Art. Now the resin artists have, they got some of their best ideas from the program because kids don't think about limitations of how hard it can be to blow glass in certain shapes. They just think of good ideas. Now when you think of glass, you might think of colorful, shakuly designs or maybe Italian vases, but kids challenge glass artists to go beyond that into the realm of broken-hearted snakes and bacon boys. Who you can see as meat vision. Now our inherent wisdom doesn't have to be insider's knowledge. Kids already do a lot of learning from adults and we have a lot to share. I think that adults should start learning from kids. Now I do most of my speaking in front of an education crowd, teachers and students and I like this analogy. It shouldn't just be a teacher at the head of the classroom telling students do this, do that. The students should teach their teachers. Learning between grown-ups and kids should be reciprocal. The reality unfortunately is a little different and it has a lot to do with trust or a lack of it. Now if you don't trust someone you place restrictions on them, right? If I doubt my older sister's ability to pay back the 10% interest she established on her last