 look and explore. So I made a deal with the adults that the kids could come in without any adults for two minutes on the road. So the doors open, the kids descend on this table of leg and they are poking and prodding and they're wiggling toes and they're trying to put their full weight on the sprinting leg to see what happens with that. And I said kids really quickly. I woke up this morning, I decided I wanted to be able to jump over a house. Nothing too big to work these stories. But if you could think of any animal, any superhero, any cartoon character, anything you can dream up right now, what kind of legs would you build me? A voice shot at kangaroo. No, no, no, she'd be a frog. No, it should be go-go gadget. No, no, no, it should be the incredible. And other things that I don't aren't familiar with. And then one eight-year-old said, hey, why wouldn't you want to fly too? And the whole room, including me, was like, yeah. And just like that, I went from being a woman that these kids would have been trained to see as disabled to somebody who had potential that their bodies didn't have yet. Somebody that might even be super able. Interesting. So some of you actually saw me a Ted 11 years ago. And there's been a lot of talk about how life changing, this conference is for both speakers and attendees, and I am no exception. Ted literally was a launch pad to the next decade of my life's exploration. At the time, the legs that presented were groundbreaking in prosthetics. I had woven carbon fiber sprinting legs along the left behind like a machita, which you may have seen on stage yesterday. And also these very lifelike and transically painted silicone legs. So at the time, it was my opportunity to put a call out to innovators outside the traditional medical prosthetic community to come bring their talent to the science and to the art of building legs. That we can stop compartmentalizing form, function, and aesthetic and assigning them different values. Well, lucky for me, a lot of people answered that call. And the journey started putting up with a Ted conference attendee, Chi Pearlman, who was hopefully using the audience somewhere today. She was the editor then of a magazine called ID, and she gave me a cover story. This started an incredible journey. Curious encounters were happening at the time. I've been accepting numerous invitations to speak on the design of the Cheetah legs around the world. And people would come up to me after the conference, after my talk, men and women. And the conversation would go something like this. You know what I mean? You're very attractive. You don't look disabled. I thought, well, that's amazing.