 I just sat back and I read books and watched movies. It was a wonderful experience. More recently, I wrote an article for Esquire called about Radical Honesty. And this is a movement where this is started by a psychologist in Virginia who says that you should never, ever lie, except maybe during poker and golf. This is only exceptions. And more than that, whatever's on your brain should come out of your mouth. All right. So I decided I would try this for a month. This was the worst month of my life. I do not recommend this at all. To give you a sense of the experience, the article was called, I think you're fat. So that was hard. My most recent book, my previous book was called The Noid All. And it was about the year I spent reading the Encyclopedia Britannica from A to Z in my quest to learn everything in the world. Or more precisely from A-AC, which is a type of East Asian music, all the way to Zivietz, which is, I don't want to ruin the ending. It's a very exciting twist ending like a Ohenry novel. So I won't ruin it, but I love that one because that was an experiment about how much information one human brain could absorb, although listening to Kevin Pelley, you don't have to remember anything. You can just Google it. So I wasted some time there. But I love those experiments, but I think that the most profound and life-changing experiment that I've done is my most recent experiment where I spent a year trying to follow all of the rules of the Bible, the year of living Biblikins. And I undertook this for two reasons. First was that I grew up with no religion at all. As I say in my book, I'm Jewish in the same way, the Olive Garden is Italian. So not very. But I've become increasingly interested in religion. I do think it's the defining issue of our time or one of the main ones. And I have a son I want to know what to teach him. So I decided to dive in head first and try to live the Bible. The second reason I undertook this is because I'm concerned about the rise of fundamentalism, really just fundamentalism. And people who say they take the Bible literally, which is according to some polls, is highest 45 or 50% of America. So I decided, well, what if you really did take the Bible literally? I decided to take it to its logical conclusion and take everything in the Bible literally without picking and choosing. The first thing I did was I got a stack of Bibles. I had Christian Bibles I had Jewish Bibles, a friend of mine said,