 the reasons why we might be feeling anxiety about our careers. What we might be victims of these career crisis as we're weeping softly into our pillows. One of the reasons why we might be suffering is that we are surrounded by snobbs. Now, in a way I've got some bad news particularly for anybody who's come to Oxford from abroad. There's a real problem with snobbery because sometimes people from outside the UK imagine that snobbery is a distinctly UK phenomenon, fixated on country houses and typos. The bad news is that's not true. Snobbery is a global phenomenon. Global organization is a global phenomenon. It exists, what is a snob? A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and who uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are. That is snobbery. And the dominant kind of snobbery that exists nowadays is job snobbery. You encounter it within minutes of the party when you get asked that famous iconic question of the early 21st century. What do you do? And according to how you answer that question, people are either incredibly delighted to see you or look at their watch and make their excuses. Now, the opposite of a snob is your mother. Not necessarily your mother or indeed mine, but is it worthy ideal mother? Somebody who doesn't care about your achievements, but unfortunately most people are not our mothers. Most people make strict correlation between how much time and if you like love, not romantic love, but that may be something, but love in general, respect. They are willing to afford us. That will be strictly defined by our position in social hierarchy. And that's a lot of the reason why we care so much about our careers. And indeed, start caring so much about material goods. We're often told that we live in very materialistic times that we're all greedy people. I don't think we are particularly materialistic. I think we live in a society which are simply pegged, certain emotional rewards to the acquisition of material goods. It's not the material goods we want, it's the rewards we want. And that's a new way of looking at luxury goods. The next time you see somebody driving in Ferrari, don't think this is somebody who's greedy. Think this is somebody who's incredibly vulnerable and in need of love. In other words, feel sympathy rather than contempt. There are other reasons. There are other reasons why it's perhaps hard and now to feel calm than ever before. One of these, and it's paradoxical because it's linked to something that's rather nice, is the hope we all have for our careers. Never before have expectations been so high about what human beings can achieve with their lifespan. We're told for many sources that anyone can achieve anything. We've done away with the caste system. We are now in a system where anyone can rise to any position they please. And it's a beautiful idea. Along with that has come a spirit of equality. We're all basically equal. There are no strictly defined kind of hierarchies. There's one really big problem with this. And that problem is envy. Envy, it's a real taboo to mention envy. But if there's one dominant emotion in modern society, that is...