 today literally in his sword swallowing act. And I must say I thought of quite a few objects that I might try to swallow today and finally gave up on that he just did it and that was wonderful thing. So Puck meant not only are we fools in the pejorative sense but that we're easily fooled. In fact, what Shakespeare was pointing out is we go to the theater in order to be fooled. So we're actually looking forward to it. We go to magic shows in order to be fooled. And this makes many things fun but it makes it difficult to actually get any kind of picture on the world we live in or on ourselves. And our friend Betty Edwards, the drawing on the right side of the brain lady, shows these two tables to her drawing class and says the problem you have with learning to draw is not that you can't move your hand but that the way your brain perceives images is faulty. It's trying to perceive images into objects rather than seeing what's there. And Pruvich says the exact size and shape of these table tops is the same and I'm going to prove it to you. She does this with cardboard but since I have an expensive computer here, I'll just rotate this little guy around. Now, having seen that, I've seen it hundreds of times because I use this in every talk. I give, I still can't see that the same size and shape and I doubt that you can either. So what do artists do? Well, what artists do is to measure. They measure very, very carefully and if you measure very, very carefully with a stiff arm and a straight edge, you'll see that those two shapes are exactly the same size. And the Talmud saw this a long time ago saying we see things not as they are but as we are. I certainly would like to know what happened to the person who had that insight back then if they actually followed it to its ultimate conclusion. So the world is not as it seems and we see things as we are. Then what we call reality is a kind of hallucination happening inside here. It's a waking dream and understanding that that is what we actually exist in is one of the biggest epistemological barriers in human history. And what that means, simple and understandable might not be actually simple or understandable and things we think are complex might be made simple and understandable. Somehow we have to understand ourselves to get around our vlog. We can think of ourselves as kind of a noisy channel. The way I think of it as we can't.