 And we're going to do all of that in 18 minutes, I promise. I want to start with this slide because this slide sort of tells the story the way science magazine thinks of it. This was an issue from 2002 that they published with a lot of different articles on the Bionic human. It was basically a regenerative medicine issue. Regerative medicine is an extraordinary simple concept that everybody can understand. It's simply accelerating the pace at which the body heals itself to a clinically relevant timescale. So we know how to do this in many of the ways that are up there. We know that if we have a damaged chip, you can put a nut for sure. Hip in. And this is the idea that science magazine used on their front cover. This is the complete antithesis of regenerative medicine. This is not regenerative medicine. Regerative medicine is what business week put up when they did a story about regenerative medicine not too long ago. The idea is that instead of figuring out how to ameliorate symptoms with devices and drugs and the like, I'll come back to that theme a few times, instead of doing that, we will regenerate lost function of the body by regenerating the function of organs and damaged tissues. So that the end of the treatment, you are the same as you were at the beginning of the treatment. Very few good ideas, if you agree that this is a good idea, very few good ideas are truly not. And this is just the same. If you look back in history, Charles Lindbergh, who was better known for flying airplanes, was actually one of the first people along with Alexis Corral, one of the Nobel laureates from Rockefeller, to begin to think about, could you culture organs? And they published this book in 1937, where they actually began to think about, what could you do in bioreactors to grow whole organs? With kind of long way since then, I'm going to share with you some of the exciting work that's going on. But before doing that, what I'd like to do is share my depression about the health care system and the need for this with you. Many of the talks yesterday talk about improving the quality of life and reducing poverty and essentially increasing life expectancy all around the globe. One of the challenges is that the richer we are, the longer we live. And the longer we live, the more expensive it is to take care of our diseases as we get older. This is simply the wealth of a country versus the percent of population over the age of 65. And you can basically see that the richer a country is, the older the people are within it. Why is this important? And why is this a particularly dramatic challenge right now? Because the average age of your population is 30, then the average kind of disease that you have to treat is maybe a broken ankle every now and again, maybe a little bit of asthma. If the average age of your country is 45 to 55, now the average person is looking at diabetes.