 Well, okay, technically it's actually about Greenpeace, which is environmental organization that wanted to stop the Japanese government on their whaling campaign. These humpback whales were killed, they wanted to put an end to it, or one of the ways they wanted to do it was the tracking ship inside one of these humpback whales. But to really kind of personify the movement, they wanted to name it. So in true web fashion, they could together pull when they had a bunch of very arugula, very thoughtful, cultured names. I believe this is the first word for a mortal. I think this means divine power of the ocean in a poem using language as a name of this, Mr. Slaschy pants. And this was especially, Mr. Pants or Slaschy to his friends, was very popular on the internet. In fact, someone on Reddit thought, oh, what a great thing, we should all vote this up. And you know, it's redditors responded, all agreed. So the voting started and we actually got behind it ourselves. We changed our logo for the day from the alien to a Slaschy sort of helped cause. And it wasn't long before other sites were part and Boeing Boeing and the rest of the internet started saying, yes, we love Slaschy pants. So it went from about 5% which was when this means started to 7% at the end of voting, which was pretty impressive, right? We won, Mr. Slaschy pants was chosen, just kidding. Okay, so Greenpeace actually wasn't that crazy about it because they wanted one of their more powerful names to win. So they said, no, no, we're just kidding. We're giving another weak voting. Well, that got us a little angry. So we changed it, fighting Slaschy. And the Reddit community really, and the rest of the internet rather really got behind the Facebook groups were getting created. Facebook applications were getting created. The idea was vote your conscience, vote from Mr. Slaschy pants. And people were looking up signs in the real world about this whale. And this is the final vote. When it all was cleared, 78% of the votes and giving an idea of a landslide, the next highest name for them three. Okay, so there was a clear lesson here. And I was the internet promised Mr. Slaschy pants, which is obvious. It's a great name. Everyone wants to hear their news anchor say Mr. Slaschy pants. And I think that's what helped drive this. But what was cool was the repercussions down for Greenpeace when they created an entire marketing campaign. They saw Mr. Slaschy pants shirts and pins, even created an e-card so you can send your credit to dance of Slaschy. But was even more important is the fact that they actually accomplished their mission. Japanese government called up their well-earned expedition, mission accomplished. And then they got to know the world. The whales were happy. And actually, the redditors in the internet community were happy to be able to work with whale lovers. A few of them certainly were. We were talking about all of these people who were just really interested in really pot up in this great meme. In fact, someone from Greenpeace came back and thanked Reddit for his vacation. But this wasn't really out of altruism. This was just out of interest in doing something cool. And this is kind of how the internet works. This is that great big secret. And it's about this level playing through. Your link is just as good as your link is just as good as mine. As long as we have a browser, anyone can get to any website about how big a bunch of bad that is as long as we can keep nettrown. The other important thing is that it costs nothing to get that content online. There are so many great publishing tools that are available. It takes a few of your time to actually produce something. And the cost of durations is so cheap, it's time for you to go. And if you do, be genuine about it. Be honest. Be upfront. And one of the great lessons that Greenpeace actually learned was that