 This trade walls began to come tumbling down. Here's some data on tariffs starting at 40% coming down to less than 5%. We globalized the world. What does that mean? It means that we extended cooperation across national boundaries. We made the world more cooperative. Transportation walls came tumbling down. You know, in 1950 the typical ship carried 5,000 to 10,000 tons worth of goods. Today a container ship can carry 150,000 tons. It could be manned with a smaller crew and unloaded faster than ever before. Communication walls I don't have to tell you. The internet have come tumbling down. And of course the iron curtains, political walls have come tumbling down. Now all of this has been tremendous for the world. Trade has increased. Here's just a little bit of data in 1990 exports from China to the United States, $15 billion by $2007 over $300 billion. And perhaps most remarkably, at the beginning of the 21st century, really for the first time in modern history, growth extended to almost all parts of the world. So China I've already mentioned beginning around 1978, around the time of the death of Mao, grows 10% a year, year after year after year. Absolutely incredible. Never before in human history have so many people been raised out of such great poverty as happened in China. China is the world's greatest anti-poverty program over the last three decades. India starting a little bit later, but in 1990, beginning tremendous growth, incomes at that time less than $1,000 per year. And over the next 18 years have almost tripled growth in 6% a year. Absolutely incredible. Now Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa. Sub-Saharan Africa has been the area of the world most resistant to growth. And we can see the tragedy of Africa in the first few bars here. Growth was negative. People were actually getting poor than their parents. Sometimes even poor than their grandparents had been. But at the end of the 20th century, the beginning of the 21st century, we saw growth in Africa. And I think as you'll see, there's reasons for optimism, because I believe that the best is yet to come. Now why? On the cutting edge today, it's new ideas which are driving growth. And by that, I mean its products for which the research and development costs are really high and the manufacturing costs are low. More than ever before, it is these types of ideas which are driving growth on the cutting edge. Now ideas have this amazing property. Thomas Jefferson, I think really expresses this.