 the image of Diana, actually quite cruelly and physically. So I got a gun and started to shoot at the image of Diana. But I couldn't erase this from my memory and certainly it was not being erased from the public psyche. Momentum was being built. The press wrote about her death in rather kind of, I felt pornographic, like which bit of artry left, which bit of body and how did she die in the back of the car. And I was intrigued by this sort of mass voyeurism. So I sort of made these rather sort of gory images. I then went on to wondering whether I could actually replace her image. So I got a look like Diana and poster in the right positions and angles and created something that was in or existed in the public imagination. So people wondering what she came to married early, was she in love with him, was she pregnant, did she want his baby, was she pregnant when she died. So I created this image of Diana dodie in their imaginary mixed race child. And this image came out which caused a huge public sort of outcry at the time. I then went on to sort of make more comments on the media and press imagery. So started making reference to media imagery, make it grainy, shot through doorways and so on and so forth to titillate the public or the viewer further in terms of trying to make the viewer more aware of their own voyeurism. So this is an image of Diana looking at Camilla kissing her husband and this was a sequence of images and this gets shown into the walk galleries like this as a sequence and similarly with the diedodian baby imagery this is another walk gallery installation. I'm particularly interested in how you can't rely on your own perception. So this is James Smith and Joe Gloss for instance but you think it's Camilla and Queen and I fascinated how what you think is real isn't necessarily real and the camera can lie and it makes it very very easy the sort of the masculine barbant of imagery to tell on truths. So I continued to work on this project of how photography seduces us and is more interesting to look at than the actual real subject matter. And at the same time it removes us from the real subject matter and this acts as a sort of titillating thing. So the photograph becomes this sort of teaser and insights desire and voyeurism like what you