 We are hosting this conference at a very opportune moment because another conference is taking place in Berlin. It is the G8 summit. The G8 summit proposes that the solution to Africa's problems should be a massive increase in A, something that came to the Marshall Plan. Unfortunately, I personally do not believe in the Marshall Plan, one because the benefits of the Marshall Plan have been overstated. It's largest recipients to a German and France and was only 2.5% of the GDP, another African country receives 4.8% to the tune of 13% to 15% of the GDP, and that is unprecedented, transfer of financial resources from rich countries to poor countries. But I want to say that there are two things we need to connect. How the media covers Africa in the West and the consequences of that by displaying the spare helplessness and hopelessness, the media is telling the truth about Africa and nothing but the truth. However, the media is not telling us the whole truth because this pair, civil war, hunger and famine, although they are part and parcel of our African reality, they are not the only reality and secondly, they are the smallest reality. Africa has just three nations, we have civil wars only in six countries, which means that the media are covering only six countries. Africa has immense opportunities that never navigate through the way of display and helplessness that the Western media largely presents to its audience. But the effect of that presentation is it appeals to sympathy, it appeals to pity, it appeals to something called charity. And as a consequence, the Western view of Africa's economic dilemma is framed wrongly. The wrong framing is a product of thinking that Africa is a place of despair. What should we do with it? We should give food to the hungry, we should deliver medicines to those who are ill, we should send peacekeeping troops, serve those who are facing a civil war, and in the process, Africa has been stripped of self-initiative. I want to say that it is important to recognize that Africa has fundamental weaknesses. But equally, it has opportunities and a lot of potential. We need to reframe the challenge that is facing Africa. From a challenge of despair, despair, which is called poverty reduction, to a challenge of hope, we framed as a challenge of hope, and that is world's creation. The challenge facing all those who are interested in Africa is not a challenge of reducing poverty, it should be a challenge of creating wealth.