 The point that people may be economically poor, but they are not poor in the mind. In other words, the minds on the margin are not the marginal minds. That is the message which we started 21 years ago. And what did it start? Let me just tell you briefly, my personal journey which led me to come to this point. 85, 56, I have been Bangladesh advising the government and the research council there, how to work, how to help scientists work on the lands, on the fields of the poor people, and how to develop research technologies which are based on the knowledge of people. I came back in 1986. I had been tremendously invigorated by the knowledge of creativity that I found in that country, which had 60 percent landlessness, but amazing creativity. I started looking at my own work. The work that I had done for the previous 10 years, almost every time, had instances of knowledge that people had shared. Now, I was paid in dollars as a consultant. And I looked at my income test return and tried to ask myself, is there a line in my return, which shows how much of this income gone to the people whose knowledge has made it possible? Was it because I am brilliant that I am getting this reward or this division? Is it that I write very well? Is it that I articulate very well? Is it that I analyze the data very well? Is it because I am a professor and therefore I must be entitled to this reward from the society? I try to convince myself that no, no, no, I am good for the policy changes. You know, the public policy will become more responsive to the needs of the poor. And therefore, I think it is okay. But it appeared to me that all these years that I have been working on exploitation, by landlords, money money renders, by traders, gave me an insight that, probably I was also an exploiting, because there was no line in my income test return, which showed this income accrued because of the brilliance of the people, those people who have shared their knowledge and good faith and trust with me, nothing ever went back to me. So much so that much of my work till that time was English language. Majority of the people from whom I learnt didn't know English. So, what worked, what kind of an continuity it was? I was talking about social justice and here I was a professional who was pursuing the most unjust act of taking knowledge from the people, letting them anonymous, getting rent from that knowledge by sharing it and doing consultancy writing papers and publishing them in the papers, getting converted to the conferences, getting consultancies and whatever have you. So, then if dilemma arose in my mind that if I am also an exploiter, then this is not right. Life cannot go on like that. And this was a movement of weight, pain and trauma, because I couldn't live it any longer. So, I did a review of ethical, dilemma and value, conflict in my research, wrote write about 100 papers and I came to the conference.