 The year the Titanic sank, greatest ship ever built, hits the tip of an iceberg and bam! It went down, it went down and I came up. Wow, some sensual. So this is his answer about a defining moment in American history. The defining moment in American history. I don't think there's one. You can't say her words to my ex, so I can't think of any one moment I would say as a defining moment. The gradual slippage. Slippages, the word used by the people in Watergate. Myrtle slippage, which are gradual kinds of things, combination of things. You see, we also have the technology. I say less and less, the human type. Hold on, let me tell you, tell you a funny little thing. The Atlanta Airport is a modern airport. And they should leave the gate. They're these trains that take you out to a con course and on to a destination. And these trains are smooth and they're quiet and they're efficient. And there's a voice on the train. You know the voice was a human voice. You see in the early days, we had robots. Robots, imitated humans. Now we have humans imitating robots. So we got this voice on this train. Can't pass one. Omaha, Lincoln. Can't pass two. Dallas, for her train voice. Just as a train, there's about to come. A young couple, Russian. And they're just about to call you. You know, not a thought. And that voice without losing a beat. Except because of late entry, we're delayed for the second. Just then everybody's looking at this couple with hateful eyes. And the couple's going like this, you know, shrink it. Well, well, I didn't have a couple of drinks before boarding. I do that to steal my nerves. And so I imitate a train call pulling my hand around. George, or well, your time has come. You see, for some of you, I think everybody laughs when I say, but not on this train. Silence. And so suddenly, they're looking at me. So here I am with a couple, the three of us, shrinking at the foot of Calvary about to be off, you know. Just then, I see a baby, a little baby, and the lap of a moho. I know it's a spanish, Christy speaking, Spanish for her companion. So I'm going to talk to the baby. Why I say to the baby, holding my hand around my mouth, because my breath must be 100 proof. I say to the baby, sir, or madam, what is her considered opinion of the human species? And her baby looks in all the way, babies look at her, clearly, starts laughing, starts bustin' out with this crazy little laugh. I said, thank God for her human reaction. We have a loss. Get. But you see the human touch disease. It's a parent. You know, you see, you've got to question the official too. You know, the thing that was so great about Mark, you know, we honor Mark, playing, but we don't ring him.