 issue. It's then sold and bought and it's then delivered to me. Now I basically take it, pair it and then you consume it, hopefully you don't enjoy it. And the last stage is basically waste. And this is pretty much where everybody just disregards it. There are different types of waste. There's a waste of time, there's waste of space, there's a waste of energy and there's a waste of waste. Every business I've been working with over the past five years, I'm trying to lower each one of those elements. Okay, so you ask what a sustainable restaurant looks like. Basically a restaurant that looks like just like any other. This is the restaurant, a Gellnouse front and back. So let me run you through a few ideas. Floor, sustainable, recycle, chairs, recycled and recycled. Tables, forestry commission, this is Norwegian, forestry commission wood. This bench, although it was uncomfortable for my mum, she'd like sitting on it so she wouldn't bought these cushions for me from a local jumble sale, reusing. It was pretty good. I hate waste, especially walls, they're not working. Put a shelf on it, which I did and that shows all the customers my products. The whole business is run on sustainable energy. This is powered by wind, all of the lights that they like, bulbs, paints of low-volume chemical, which is very important to be working in the room all the time. I was experimenting with these, you can see it, but there's this sort of work surface there and that's a plastic polymer and I was thinking, why it's run on nature, nature, nature, but I don't know, experiment with resin, experiment with polymers. Will they outlive me? Probably might. Right, here's a reconditioned coffee machine, actually it looks better than the brand new one, so good there. Now reusing is vital and we filter all the right water, we put them in bottles, refrigerate them and we reuse that bottle again and again. Here's a great little example of conceives, orange trees, actually growing in a car tire, turned inside out, sewn up, it's got my compost in it, she's growing an orange tree, which is great. This is the kitchen, which is in the same room. I basically created a menu that allowed people to choose the amount and the volume of food they wanted to consume, rather than me putting a dish down, they were allowed to help the sales do much for a little as they wanted. Okay, it's a small kitchen, it's about 5 square meters, it serves 220 people a day, we generate quite a lot of waste. The waste room, now you can't get rid of waste, but this store is not about eliminating it, it's about milling it. In here I have producing boxes that are unavoidable. I put my food waste into this dehydrating desiccated mass evaporator, turns food into an inner material which I can store and then compost later. I compost it in this garden, all of the soil you can see there is basically my food, which is generated by the restaurants and it's growing in these tabs which I made out of storm bell trees and wine pastries and new kinds of things. Three compost bins, go through about 70 kilos of raw waste a week, really good, it makes fantastic compost. A couple of worm rees in there too, and actually one of the worm rees was a big worm rear, I had a lot of worms in it, and I tried taking the dry food.