 Now since I haven't had the chance to work with these calculators, I need to make sure that they are all working properly. Would somebody get us started by giving us a two digit number, please? How about a two digit number? 22 and another two digit number, sir. Multiply 22 times 47. Make sure you get 1034 or the calculators are not working. Do all of you get 1034? 1034? 594? Let's give three of them a nice round of applause there. Would you like to try a more standard calculator just in case? OK, great. What I'm going to try and do then, I notice that to have some of you a little bit of time to get your answer, that's OK. I'll give you a shortcut for multiplying even faster on the calculator. There's something called the square of a number, which most of you know is taking a number and multiplying it by itself. For instance, 5 squared would be 20 times. Now, the way we can square on most calculators, let me demonstrate with this one, is by taking the numbers such as 5, hitting times, and then equals. And on most calculators that will give you the square. On some of these ancient RPM calculators, you've got an x squared button on it while I do the calculation even faster. What I'm going to try and do now is to square in my head for two digit numbers faster than they can do on their calculators, even using the shortcut method. I'll use the second row this time. I get four of you, one, two, three, four, teach you, yell out a two digit number, and if you would square the first number, and if you would square the second, the third, and the fourth, I will try and raise you to the answer. OK, so quickly a two digit number, please. Thirty-seven squared, OK? Twenty-three squared, OK? Fifty-nine squared, OK, and finally, ninety-three squared. Would you call out your answers, please? Thirteen sixty-nine, five twenty-nine, thirty-four eighty-one. Thank you very much. Let me try to take this one step further. I'm going to try to square some three digit numbers this time. I won't even write these down. I'll just call them out as they're called out to me. One I point to call out a three digit number, anyone on our panel, verify the answer. Just give some indication if it's right. A three digit number, sir, yeah. Ninety-seven squared is nine hundred seventy-four thousand, one hundred sixty-nine. Yes, good. Another three digit. Another three digit number, sir. Four fifty-seven squared is two hundred five thousand, eight hundred forty-nine, two zero five eight four nine. Yes, OK, another three digit number, sir. Three twenty-one is one hundred three thousand and forty-one, one zero three zero four one. Yes, one more three digit number. Please.