 the stories they wanted us to share with you. My name is Abdul Khan, I come from Peshawar. I hope that you will be able to see not just my Taliban like beard, but also the richness and color of my perceptions, aspirations, and dreams as rich and colorful as the satchels that I sell. My name is Mehran, this is my friend Iram. I hope to become a vet when I grow up so that I can take care of stray cats and dogs who wander around the streets of the village that I live in near Gilgit, northern Pakistan. My name is Gailash, and I like to enrich lives the techie-colored glass. Madden, would you like some of those orange bangles with the pink orchardots? My name is Zamin, and I'm an IDP, an internally displaced person from Swap. Do you see me on the other side of this fence? Do I matter or really exist for you? My name is Iman, I am a fashion model, an up-and-coming model from Lahore. Do you see me simply smothered in cloth? Or can you move beyond my veil and see me for who I truly am inside? My name is Ahmad, I am a God-refer-jee from the Fribur Agency. I have come from a place of intense darkness, and that is why I want to illuminate the world. My name is Bappu Say, my heart and drum beat is one. If religion is the opium of masses, then for me, music is my one and only gonger. A rising tide lifts all boats, and the rising tide of India's spectacular economic growth has lifted over 400 million Indians into a buoyant middle pass. But there are still over 650 million Indians, Pakistanis, Sri Lankan, Bangladeshis, and Farley's, who remain washed up on the shores of poverty. Therefore, as India and Pakistan is you and I, it behooves us to transcend our differences, to celebrate our diversity, to leverage our common humanity. Our collective vision at Nauj even, which many of you, as you will recognize, means you life or do Hindi, is to rejuvenate the lives of millions of low-income families by providing them with affordable access to catastrophic health care. Indeed, it is the emerging world's first urban, Asia-Mokhari urban working for. Why should we do this as Indians and Pakistanis? We are but two threads cut from the same cloth. And if we, as our fates are intertwined, then we believe that it is good karma, it is good fortune. And for many of us, our fortunes do indeed lie at bottom with him. Thank you. Fantastic. You stay out there. That was fantastic. I found that really moving. You know, we thought hard to get at least.