 slaves, children who've been trafficked from other conflict zones to come and work on the coffee plantations. Heparin, Latina, pharmaceutical product, starts out in our seasonal workshops like this in China because the active ingredient comes from pigs and test times. Your diamond, you've all heard, probably seen the movie Blood Diamonds. This is a mine in Zimbabwe right now. Cotton, Uzbekistan is the second biggest export of cotton on earth. Every year when comes to the cotton harvest, government shuts down the schools, puts the kids in buses, buses them to the cotton fields to spend three weeks harvesting the cotton, spores the child labor on an institutional scale. And all of those products probably end their lives in a dump like this one in Minila. These places, these origins represent governance gaps. That's the politest description I have for them. These are the dock pools where global supply chains begin. The global supply chains would bring us our favorite brand name products. Some of these governance gaps are run by road states. Some of them are not states that anymore at all. They're failed states. Some of them are just countries who believe that deregulation or no regulation is the best way to attracting this need. Promote trade. Either way, they present us with a huge moral and ethical dilemma. I know that none of us want to be accessories after the fact of a human rights abuse in a global supply chain. But right now, most of the companies involved in these supply chains don't have any way of assuring us that nobody had to mortgage their future. Nobody had to sacrifice their rights to bring us our favorite brand name product. Now, I didn't come here to depress you about the state of the global supply chain. We need a reality check. We need to recognize just how serious a deficit of rights we have. This is an independent republic. Probably a failed state. It's definitely not a democratic state. Right now, that independent republic of the supply chain is not engulfed in a way that would satisfy us that we can engage in ethical trade or ethical consumption. Now, this is not a new story. You've seen the documentaries of switch shops making garments all over the world. Even in developed countries, you want to see the classic switch shop, meet in it Madison Square Garden, I take you down this street now show you a Chinese switch shop. But take the example of heparans.