 produces friction with the water. This is one of nature's finest machines. Now, Bluefin were revered by man for all of human history. For 4,000 years, we fish sustainably for this animal and its evidence in the art that we see from thousands of years ago. Bluefin are in cave paintings in France. They're in coins that date back 3,000 years. This fish was revered by human time. It was fish sustainably till all of time, except for our generation. Bluefin are pursued wherever they go. There is a gold rush on earth, and this is a gold rush for bluefin. There are traps that fish sustainably up until recently. And yet, the type of fishing going on today with pens, with enormous takes, is really wiping Bluefin ecologically off the planet. Now, Bluefin, in general, goes to one place, Japan. Some of you may be guilty of having contributed to the demise of Bluefin. They're delectable, muscle, rich, and fat, absolutely taste delicious. And that's their problem, we're eating them to death. Now, in the Atlantic, the story is pretty simple. Bluefin have two populations, one large, one small. The North American population is fished at about 2000 ton, the European population in North African, the Eastern Bluefin tuna is fished at tremendous levels, 50,000 tons over the last decade, almost every year. The result is whether you're looking at the west or the Eastern Bluefin population, there's been tremendous decline on both sides, as much as 90% if you go back with your baseline to 1950. For that, Bluefin have been given a status, equivalent to tigers, to lions, to certain African elephants, and to panda. These fish have been proposed for an endangered species listing in the past few months. They were voted on and rejected just two weeks ago, despite outstanding science, that shows from two committee. This fish meets the criteria of sighties one. And if it's tuna as you don't care about, perhaps you might be interested at international long lines in percinct, chase down tunas and bite catch animals, such as Leatherbacks, sharks, Marlin, Elbatross. These animals and their demise occurs in the tuna fish. The challenge we face is that we know very little about tuna. Everyone in the room knows what it looks like. When an African lion picked down its prey, I doubt anyone has seen a giant bluefin feed. This tuna symbolizes what's the problem for all of us in the room. It's the 21st century, but we really have only just begun to re-evaluate it.