 into a 1975 Chevy van and I drove off into the sunset. Having fully failed to realize three critical things. One, that society equates living in a permanent structure, even a shack with having value as a person. Two, I failed to realize how quickly the negative perceptions of other people can impact our reality if we let it. And three, I failed to realize that homelessness is an attitude, not a lifestyle. At first living in the van was great. I showered in campgrounds, I ate out regularly, and I had time to relax and to grieve. But then the anger and the depression about my father's death set in, my freelance job ended, and I had to get a full-time job to pay the bills. Would it have been a really mild spring turned into a miserably hot summer, and it became impossible to park anywhere, without it being very obvious that I had a cat and a dog with me, and it was really hot. The cat came and went through an open window into the van. The dog he went into doggy daycare, and I sweated. Whenever I could, I used employee showers in office buildings and truck stops or I washed up in public restrooms. Nighttime temperatures in the van rarely dropped below 80 degrees Fahrenheit, making it difficult or impossible to sleep. Food rotted in the heat. Ice in my ice chest melted within hours, and it was pretty miserable. I couldn't afford to find an apartment, or couldn't afford an apartment that would allow me to have the rot wiler in the cat and our refuse to give them up. So I stayed in the van. And when the heat made me too sick to walk the 50 feet to the public restroom, outside my van at night, I used a bucket and a trash bag as a toilet. When winter weather set in, the temperatures dropped, hello freezing, and they stayed there, and I faced a whole new set of challenges. I parked a different place every night, so I would avoid being noticed and hassled by the rain. Every night, so I would avoid being noticed and hassled by the police. I didn't know I succeed, but I felt out of control of my life, and I don't know when or how it happened, but the speed at which I went from being a talented writer and journalist to being a homeless woman, living in a van, took my breath away. I hadn't changed. My IQ hadn't dropped, my talent, my integrity, my values, everything about me remained the same, but I had changed somehow. I spiraled deeper and deeper into a depression, and eventually someone referred me to a homeless woman.