 especially my passion for Judge Judy, and you'd fight anybody who attempted to take her away from us, but I'm a little less convinced that you share the central passion of my life, a passion for the live, professional performing arts, performing arts that represent your castful repertoire, yes, that jazz as well, modern dance, opera, theater, and more and more and more. You know, frankly, it's a sector that many of us who work in the field worry is being in danger and possibly dismantled by technology. While we initially heralded the internet as the fantastic new marketing device that was going to solve all our problems, we now realize that the internet is if anything too effective in that regard. Depending on who you read, an arts organization or an artist who tries to attract the attention of a potential single ticket buyer, now competes with between three and five thousand different marketing messages, a typical citizen sees every single day. We now know in fact that technology is our biggest competitor for leisure tongue. Five years ago, Gen X has spent 20.7 hours online in TV, the majority on TV, Gen Y has spent even more 23.8 hours from the majority online, and now a typical university entering student arrives at college, already having spent 20,000 hours online in an additional 10,000 hours playing video games. A stark reminder that we operate in a cultural context where video games now outsell music and movie recordings combined. Moreover, we're afraid that technology has altered our various assumptions of cultural consumption. Thanks to the internet, we believe we can get anything we want whenever we want it, deliver to our own doorstep. We can shop at three in the morning or eight at night, ordering genes tailor-made for our unique body types, expectations of personalization and customization that the live performing arts, which have set curtain times, set venues, attended inconveniences of travel, parking, and the life simply cannot meet. And we're all acutely aware what's it going to mean in the future when we ask someone to pay a hundred dollars for a symphony operatical ballad ticket. The Matt Cultural Consumer is used to downloading on the internet 24 hours a day for 99 cents a song or for free. These are enormous questions for those of us that work in this terrain, but as particular as they feel to us, we know we're not alone. All of us are engaged in a seismic fundamental realignment of culture and communications, a realignment that is shaking and decimating the newspaper industry, the magazine industry, the book in publishing industry and more. Saddled in the performing arts as we are by an equated union agreements that inhibit and often pro-hibbit mechanical reproduction and streaming, locked into large facilities that were designed to ossify the ideal relationship between our