 I found traces, very strong traces, I must say, of order in that process. And so today I would like to present to you a few examples of what this represents. I prefer to do word roughness to the word irregularity because irregularity, to somebody who had Latin in my long past use, means the contrary of regularity. But it is not so. Regularity is a contrary of roughness because the basic aspect of the word is very rough. So let me show you a few objects, some of them artificial, other of them very evil, in a certain sense. And now this is the real, it's a funny flower. Now why do I show a common flower, very ordinary and ancient, vegetable? Because all men ancient as maybe, it's very complicated. And it's very simple, both in the same time. If you try to wait, of course it's very easy to wait, and then you eat it, then the wait matters. But suppose you try to measure its surface. Well, it's very interesting if you cut the sharp knife, one of the flores of the tiny flower, and look at it separately, you think it's a whole cauliflower, but smaller. And then you cut again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, and you still get more cauliflower. So the experience of humanity has always been that there are some shapes which have the peculiar property that each part is like the home, but smaller. Now what did you manage to do with that? Very, very little. So what I did actually is to study this problem, and found something quite surprising, that one can measure roughness by number, a number, 2.3, 1.2, and sometimes much more. One day a friend of mine, who, but me, wrote a picture of it, what is the roughness of this curve? I said, well, just short of 1.5, it was 1.48. Now, it didn't take any time. I've been looking at these things for so long, but these numbers are the numbers which they know what the roughness of the surfaces is. Hasing to say that these surfaces are completely artificial, done on a computer, the only input is a number, and that number is roughness. And so on the left, I took the roughness copied from many landscapes to the right, I took higher roughness. So the eye, after a while, can distinguish this to very well. Humanity had to learn about measuring roughness, this is very rough, and this is sort of smooth, and this is perfectly smooth.