 We became very concerned about the potential for abuse. If you think about it in history a long, long time ago, we dealt with the problem of an individual abusing another individual, we came with something to tend commandments that will not kill. That's a kind of a one on one thing. We organized into cities we had many people and to keep the many from tyrannizing the one, we came with concepts like individual liberty. And then we did have to deal with large groups, say, at the nation state level. And we had to have mutual non-aggression or through a series of conflicts. We eventually came to a rough international bargain to largely keep the peace. But now we have a new situation, really an asymmetric situation where technology is so powerful that it extends beyond a nation state. It's not the nation states that have potential access to mass destruction but individuals. And this is a consequence of the fact these new technologies tend to be digital. We saw genome sequences. You can download the gene sequences of pathogens off the internet if you want to. And clearly someone recently, I saw in a science magazine, they said, well, the 1918 flu is too dangerous to FedEx around it. People want them to use it in their labs for working on research just reconstruct it yourself. So because you know, I might get in my break in FedEx. So that this is possible to do this is not deniable. So individuals in small groups super empowered by access to these kind of self-replicating technologies, whether it be biological or other, are clearly a danger in our world. And the danger is that they can cause roughly what's a pandemic. And we really don't have experience with pandemics. And we're also not very good as a society at acting to things we don't have direct and sort of gut level experience with. So it's not in our nature to free act. And in this case, more, more calling on more technology doesn't solve the problem because it only super empowers people more. So the solution has to be as people like Russell and Einstein and others imagine in a conversation that existed in a much stronger form, I think, early in the 20th century. That the solution had to be not just the head, but the heart. You know, Paul's public policy and moral progress. The civilizing, the bargaining is a civilization is a bargain to not use power. We get our individual rights by society protecting us from others using not doing everything they can do, but largely doing only what is legal. And so,