 a billion people with no access to clean water, two and a half billion, no access to sanitation, a billion going to bed hungry every night, one in four deaths every year from age to even malaria and the variety of infections associated with dirty water, 80% of them under five years of age. Even in wealthy countries, it is common now to see inequality growing in the United States since 2001. We've had five years of economic growth, five years of productivity growth in the workplace, but median wages are stagnant and the percentage of working families dropping below the poverty line is up by four percent, percentage of working families without health care up by four percent. So this interdependent world, which has been pretty good to most of us, which is why we're all here in Northern California doing what we do for a living, enjoying this evening is profoundly unequal. It is also unstable, unstable because of the threats of terror, weapons of mass destruction, the spread of global disease, in a sense that we are vulnerable to it in a way that we weren't, not so many years ago. And perhaps most important of all it is unsustainable because of climate change, resource depletion and species destruction. When I think about the world I would like to leave to my daughter and the grandchildren I hope to have, it is a world that moves away from unequal, unstable, unsustainable interdependence to integrated communities locally, nationally and globally that share the characteristics of all successful communities, broadly shared accessible set of opportunities, a shared sense of responsibility for the success of a common enterprise and a genuine sense of belonging. All easier said than done. When the terror sense that it's occurred in the United Kingdom a couple of years ago, I think even though they didn't claim as many lives as we lost in the United States on 9-11, I think the thing that troubled the British most was that the perpetrators were not invaders but homegrown citizens whose religious and political identities were more important to them than the people they grew up with, went to school with, worked with, shared weekends with, shared meals with. In other words, they thought their differences were more important than their common humanity. It is the central psychological plague of humankind in the 21st century. Into this mix, people like us who are not in public office have more power to do good than at any time in history because more than