 this we can usually be in the field for anywhere from two to four months with a team of the small as 20 or 30 to as big as 150. And a lot of people ask me, what what kind of people do you get for a project like this? And while our selection process is not as rigorous as NASA, it's nonetheless thorough. We're looking for competence, discipline, endurance and strength. In case you're wondering, this is our strength test. But we also value a spree-de-core and the ability to diplomatically resolve interpersonal conflict while under great stress and remote locations. We have already gone far beyond the limits of human endurance from the entrance. This is nothing like a commercial cave. You're looking at Camp 2 and a place called J2, not K2, but J2. We're roughly two days from the entrance at that point. And it's kind of like a high altitude monitoring trip and reverse except that you're now running a string of these things down. The idea is to try to provide some measure of physical comfort while you're down there otherwise in damp, moist, cold conditions in utterly dark places. I should mention that everything you're seeing here, by the way, is artificially illuminated at great effort. Otherwise, it is completely dark in these places. The deeper you go, the more you run into a conflict with water. It's basically like a tree collecting water coming down. And eventually you get the places where it is formidable and dangerous. And unfortunately, slides just don't do justice. So I've got a very brief clip here that was taken in the late 1980s. So to send into the Watla Plateau in Mexico, I have to tell you that the techniques being shown here are obsolete and dangerous. We would not do this today unless we were doing it for film. Along that same line, I have to tell you that with the spade of Hollywood movies that came out last year, we have never seen monsters underground. At least kind of the issue. If there is a monster underground, it is the crushing psychological remoteness that begins to hit every member of the team once you cross about three days inbound from the nearest entrance. Next year, I'll be leading an international team to J2. We're going to be shooting for minus 2,600 meters. That's a little over 8,600 feet down at 30 kilometers from the entrance. The lead crews will be underground. We're pushing 30 days straight. I don't think there's been a mission like that in a long time. Eventually, if you keep going down on these things, probability says that you're going to run into a place like this. It's a place where there's a fold in a geologic straight-em that collects water and fills to the roof. And when you used to find these things, they would put in a label