 So this morning I'm going to share two of these problems and talk about where they stand. But before I dive into those, I want to admit that I am an optimist. Any tough problem, I think it can be solved. And part of the reason I feel that way is looking at the past over the last century, average lifespan is more than double. Another statistic, perhaps my favorite, is to look at childhood deaths. As recently as 1960, 110 million children were born and 20 million of those died before the age of five. Five years ago, 135 million children were born, so more and less than 10 million of them died before the age of five. So that's a factor of two reduction in the child to death rate. It's a phenomenal thing. I mean, each one of those lives matters a lot. And the key reason we were able to do it was not only rising incomes, but also a few key breakthroughs, vaccines that were used more widely. For example, measles was 4 million of the deaths back as recently as 1990 and now is under 400,000. So we really can make changes. The next breakthrough is to cut that 10 million in half again. And I think that's doable in well under 20 years. Why? Well, there's only a few diseases that account for the vast majority of those deaths, diarrhea, pneumonia, and malaria. And so that brings us to the first problem that I'll all raise this morning, which is how do we stop a disease, a deadly disease that's spread by mosquitoes. What's the history of this disease? It's been a severe disease for thousands of years. In fact, when we look at the genetic code, it's the only disease we can see that people who lived and after actually evolved several things, who avoid malaria deaths. That's actually peaked at a bit over 5 million in the 1930s. So it was absolutely gigantic. And the disease was all over the world, terrible disease. It was in the United States, it was in Europe. People didn't know what caused it until the early 1900s when a British military man feared out that it was mosquitoes. So it was everywhere. And two tools helped bring the death breakdown. One was killing the mosquitoes with DDT. And the other was treating the patients with whine-einer, whine-einer, the remnants. And so that's why the death rate did come down. Now, ironically, what happened was it was eliminated from all the temperate zones, which is where all the rich countries are. So we can see 1900s everywhere.