 sim city like virtual view at 45 degrees, this can be viewed from any of the cardinal directions to show you the 3D structure of the city, all of the sods. Now we see this space, this three-dimensional environment as being a canvas on which all sorts of applications can play out and maps, directions are really just one of them. If you click on this, you'll see some of the ones that we've put out just in the past couple of months as we've launched. So for example a couple of days after the disaster in Haiti we had an earthquake map that showed before and after pictures from the sky. This wonderful one which I don't have time to show you is taking hyper-local blogs in real time and mapping those stories, those entries to the places that are referred to on the blogs. It's wonderful. But I'm going to show you some more candy sort of stuff. So we see the imagery of course not stopping at the sky. These little green bubbles represent a photosense that users have made. I'm not going to dive into them either but photosense are integrated into the map. Everything that's paced in blue is an area where we've taken imagery on the ground as well. And so when you fly down from the atinctive, when you fly down to the ground and you see this kind of an aromac imagery, the first thing that you might notice is that it's not just a picture. There's just as much three-dimensional understanding of this environment as there is of the three dimensional city from above. So if I click on something to get a closer view of it, then the fact that that transition looks as it does is a function of all of that geometry, all of that three-dimensional understanding behind this model. Now I'll show you a fun app that we've been working on in collaboration with our friends at Flickr. This takes Flickr, a geo-registered imagery, and uses photosynth-like processes to connect that imagery to our imagery. So I'm not sure if that's the one I actually meant to pull up, but notice this is of course a popular tourist site. There are lots of photos around here and these photos are all taken at different times. So this one was taken around five. So that's the Flickr photo. That's our imagery. So you really see how this kind of crowdsourced imagery is integrating a very deep way into the map itself. Now the reason this is interesting, thank you. There are several reasons why this is interesting. One of them of course is time travel. I'm not going to show you some of the wonderful historic imagery. There are some with forces and characters and so on as well. But what's cool about this is that not only is it augmenting this visual representation of the world with things that are coming in from users, but