 And this is sort of how I think of you. And so this man is supposed to represent a generic human being. And all of the circles in that man are all the cells that make up your body. So there's about a trillion human cells that make each one of us who we are and able to do all the things that we do. Do you have 10 trillion bacterial cells in you or on you at any moment in your life? So 10 times more bacterial cells than human cells on a human being. And so of course it's the DNA that counts. So here's all the ATG's and C's that make up your genetic code and give you all your charming characteristics. So you have about 30,000 genes. Well it turns out you have 100 times more bacterial genes playing a role in you or on you all of your life. And so at the best, you're 10% human. We're more likely about 1% human depending on which of these metrics you like. So I know you think of yourself as human beings, but I think you view as 90 or 90% bacterial. And these bacteria are not passive riders. These are incredibly important. They keep us alive. They cover us in an invisible body armor that keeps environmental insults out so that we stay healthy. They digest our food. They make our vitamins. They actually educate your immune system to keep bad microbes out. So they do all these amazing things that help us and keep in our vital for keeping us alive. And they never get any press for that. But they get a lot of press because they do a lot of terrible things as well. So there's all kinds of bacteria on the earth that have no business being in you or on you at any time. And if they are, they make you incredibly sick. And so the question for my lab is whether you want to think about all the good things that bacteria do or all the bad things that bacteria do. The question we had is how could they do anything at all? I mean they're incredibly small. You have to have a microscope to see one. They live this sort of boring life where they grow and divide. And they've always been to consider to be these a social reclusive organisms. And so it seemed to us that they're just too small to have an impact on the environment if they simply act as individuals. And so we wanted to think if there couldn't be a different way the bacteria lived. And the clue to this came from another marine bacterium. And it's a bacterium called Vibriofyscharide. And so what you're looking at on this slide is just a person from my lab holding a flask of a liquid culture of a bacterium, a harmless, beautiful bacterium that comes from the ocean named Vibriofyscharide. And this bacterium has the special property that it makes light. So it makes bioluminescence like fireflies make light. So we're not doing anything to the cells here. We just took the picture by turning the lights off in the room and this is what we see. And what was actually interesting to us was not that the bacteria made light but when the bacteria made light. What we noticed is when the bacteria were alone. So when they were in dilute suspension, they made no light. But when they grew to a certain cell number, all the bacteria turned on lights simultaneously. And so the question that we had is how can bacteria be used?