 of how much science costs because if I'm going to make the case for continuing to spend on curiosity driven science and exploration, I should tell you how much it costs. So this is a game called Spot the Science Budgets. This is the UK government spend, you see there it's about 620 billion a year. The science budget is actually, if you look to your left, there's a purple set of blobs and then yellow set of blobs and it's one of the yellow set of blobs around the big yellow blob. It's about 3.3 billion pounds per year out of 620 billion. That funds everything in the UK for medical research, space exploration where I work at certain engineering, the past book is engineering. Even arts and humanities funded from the science budget which is at 3.3 billion, that little tiny yellow blob around the orange blob, the top left of the screen. So that's what we're arguing about. That's a percentage by the way is about the same in the US and Germany and France. Our Indian total economy is something like publicly funded is about 0.6% of GDP. So that's what we're arguing about. The first thing I want to say, and this is straight from the solar system, is that our exploration of the solar system in the universe has shown us that it is indescribably beautiful. This is a picture that actually was sent back by the Cassini spacecraft around Saturn. After we'd finished filming the solar system, so it is an Indy series. It's of the moon and salad us. So that big sweeping, white sphere in the corner is Saturn, which is actually in the back, ground, the picture. And that present there is the moon and salad us, which is about as big as the British Isles. It's about 500 kilometers in diameter, so tiny moon. What's fascinating and beautiful, this is an unprocessed picture by the way I should say, it's black and white, straight from Saturn in orbit. What's beautiful is that you can probably see on the limb there some faint kind of whips of almost smoke rising up in the limb. This is how we visualise that in one of the solar systems. It's beautiful graphic. What we found out were that those faint whips are actually fountains of ice rising up from the surface of this tiny moon. Now that's fascinating and beautiful in itself, but we think that the mechanism of powering those fountains requires there to be lakes of liquid water beneath the surface of this moon. And what's important about that is that on our planet, on Earth, wherever we find liquid water, we find life. So to find strong evidence of liquid, pools of liquid beneath the surface of a moon, 750 million miles away from the earth is really quite a stand-in. So what we're saying essentially is maybe that's a habitat for life in the solar system. Well, let me just say that was a graphic. I just want to show this picture. That's one more picture of Enceladus. This is when you see me flew beneath Enceladus. So it made a very low pass just a few hundred kilometers above the surface. And so this again, a real picture of the ice fountains rising up in space.