 yet know whether it's right or wrong. And at the end of discuss experiments which in the next few years may tell us whether it's right or wrong. This idea has had a major impact on physics in the last century and continues to inform a lot of cutting-edge research. So I'd like to tell you something about the story of these extra dimensions. So where do we go? To begin, Needle bit of backstory, go to 1907. This is a year when Einstein is basking the globe of having discovered a special theory of relativity and decides to take on a new project to try to understand fully the grand pervasive force of gravity. And in that moment there were many people around who thought that that project had already been resolved. Newton had given the world a theory of gravity in the late 1600s that works well. He describes the motion of planets, the motion of the moon, and so forth. The motion of apocryphal apples falling from trees hitting people in the head. All of that could be described using Newton's work. But Einstein realized that Newton had left something out of the story because even Newton had written that although he understood how to calculate the effect of gravity had been unable to figure out how it really works. How is it that the Sun, 93 million miles away, somehow affects the motion of the Earth? How does the Sun reach out across empty, inert space and exert influence? And that is the task to which Einstein set himself to figure out how gravity works. And let me show you what it is that he found. So Einstein found that the medium that transmits gravity is space itself. The idea goes like this. Imagine space is a substrate of all the red, Einstein said space is nice and flat if there's no matter present. But if there is matter in the environment such as the Sun, it causes the fabric of space to warp. To curve and that communicates the force of gravity. Even the Earth's warp space around it. Now look at the Moon. The Moon is kept in orbit according to these ideas because it rolls along a valley in the curved environment that the Sun and the Moon and the Earth can all create by virtue of their presence. We go to a full frame view of this. The Earth itself is kept in orbit because it rolls along a valley in the environment that's curved because of the Sun's presence. That is this new idea about how gravity actually works. Now this idea was tested in 1919 through astronomical observations. It really works. It describes the data and this gained Einstein prominence around the world. And that is what got Kulutsa thinking. He, like Einstein, was in search of what we call a unified theory. That's one theory that might be able to describe all of nature's forces from one set of ideas, one set of principles, one theory.