 in this big street that intersected our neighborhood and bam! I was hit by a passing sedan. My mangled body flew in one direction, my mangled bike flew in the other, and I lay on the pavement over stretching over that yellow line and one of my neighbors came running over Andy and Andy how are you doing she said? Using the name of my older brother? I'm Bruce I said and probably passed out. I broke my left femur that day it's the largest bone in your body and spent the next two months in a body cat that went from my chin to the tip of my toe to my right knee and a steel bar went from my right knee to my left ankle and for the next 38 years that accident was the only medically interesting thing that ever happened to me. In fact I made a living by walking I traveled around the world entered different cultures, wrote a series of books about my travels including walking the Bible. I hosted a television show by that name on PBS. I was for all the world the walking gun. Until in May 2008 a routine visit to my doctor and a routine blood test produced evidence in the form of an alkaline phosphatase number that something might be wrong with my bones and my doctor on a whim sent me to get a full body bone scan which showed that there was some growth in my left leg that sent me to an x-ray then to an MRI and one afternoon I got a call from my doctor. The tumor in your leg is not consistent with a benign tumor. I stopped walking and it took my mind a second to convert that double negative into a much more horrifying negative. I have cancer and to think that the tumor was in the same bone in the same place in my body as the accident 38 years earlier it seemed like too much of a coincidence. So that afternoon I went back to my house and my three-year-old identical twin daughters Eden and Ty B. Filer came running to meet me. They just turned three and they were into all things pink and purple. In fact we called them pink elitious and purple elitious. Although I must say our favorite nickname occurred on their birthday April 15th when they were born at 614 and 646 on April 15th 2005. Our otherwise grim humorless doctor looked as watching like people 15. Taxed early filer and late filer. The next day came to see my doctor that was a really good joke and he was like you're the right kid. Anyway so they just turned three and they came and they were doing this dance. They had just made up. They were too long and faster and faster until they tumbled to the ground laughing with all the glee in the world. I crumbled. I kept imagining all the walks I might not take with them. The art projects I might not mess up. The boyfriends I might not scowl that. The aisles I might not walk down. Would they wonder who I was I thought with a yearn for my