 education, science, and a particular branch of science is a way to do it, not the way we've been doing it, which is seated the pants wisdom. Now before I get into how to do it, let me give you a little truth in advertising, because I'm not engaged in the business of magic. There are lots of things that the approach I take can predict, and there are some that it can't. It can predict complex negotiations or situations involved in coercion. That is, in essence, everything that has to do with politics, much of what has to do with business, but sorry if you're looking to speculate in the stock market, I don't predict stock markets. Okay, it's not going up any time really soon. But I'm not engaged in doing that. I'm not engaged in predicting random number generators. I actually get phone calls from people who want to know what lottery numbers are going to win. I don't have a clue. I engage in the use of game theory. Game theory is branch of mathematics, and that means, sorry, that even in the study of politics, math has come into the picture. We can no longer pretend that we just speculate about politics. We need to look at this in a rigorous way. Now, what is game theory about? It assumes that people are looking out for what's good for them. That doesn't seem terribly shocking, although it's controversial for a lot of people that we are self-interested. In order to look out for what's best for them or what they think is best for them, people have values. They identify what they want, what they don't want, and they have beliefs about what other people want, what other people don't want, how much power other people have, how much those people get in the way of whatever it is that you want. And they face limitations, constraints. They may be weak, they may be located in the wrong part of the world, they may be Einstein, stuck away, farming someplace in rural village in India, not being noticed, as was the case for Roman New Zealand for a long time, great math decision, nobody noticed. Now, who is rational? A lot of people are worried about what is rationality about them. People aren't really rational. Mother Teresa, she was rational. Terrorists, they're rational. Pretty much everybody is rational. I think there are only two exceptions that I'm aware of. Two-year-olds, they are not rational. They have very fickle preferences. They switch what they think all the time. And schizophrenics are probably not rational. But pretty much everybody else is rational. That is they're just trying to do what they think is in their own best interest. Now in order to work out what people are going to do to pursue their interests, we have to think about who has influence in the world. If you're trying to influence corporations to...