 and formal. And meanwhile, I use nonsense, as you can see. This is a Scottish castle where people are playing golf indoors and the trick was to bang the golf ball off some suits of armor. I can't see there. This was one of a series called Zaini Afternoon, became a book. This is a home-built rocket propeller car. That's 1953 Henry J. I'm a bug's-run fantasy and quiet neighborhood in Toledo. This is my submission for the LA Museum of Film. You can probably tell Frank Gary and I clung at the same time. My work is so personal and so strange that I have to invent my own lexicon for it. And I work a lot in what I call retro futurism, which is looking back to see how yesterday viewed tomorrow. And they're always wrong, always hilariously, optimistically wrong. And the peak time for that was the 30s because the depression was so dismal that anything to get away from the present into the future. And technology is going to carry us along. This is popular. We've got popular science magazines and those days. I have a huge collection of them from the 30s. All they are is just poor people being asked to make sunglasses out of wire coat hangers and everything that improvised and dreaming about these wonderful giant radio robots play ice hockey. It's been a month and hour. It's all going to happen. It's all going to be wonderful. Automotive retro futurism is one of my specialties. I was both an automobile illustrator and an advertising automobile copywriter. So I have a lot of revenge to take on the subject. Detroit has always been halfway into the future. The advertising half. This is the 58-voltage bill. So new they make tomorrow look like yesterday. This is a chain gang of guys admiring the car. That's from a whole catalog. It's 18 pages or so. Ran back in the days of the lampoon. Right, cut my teeth. Technoarchaeology is digging back and finding past miracles that never happened for good reason usually. Zeppelin, this is from a brochure about the Zeppelin based obviously in the Hineberg. The Zeppelin was the biggest thing that ever moved made by man and carried 56 people at the speed of a Buick at an altitude we could hear dogs bark and it cost twice as much as the first class cabin on the Normandy to fly it. So the Hineberg wasn't you know it was inevitable it was going to go. This is auto gyrogeoste getting Malabu in the 30s. The auto gyro couldn't wait for the invention of the helicopter but it should have. It wasn't a big success. It's the only Spanish innovation technology of the 20th century by the way. You needed to know that. The flying car which never got off the ground was a post-court dream. My old man used to tell me we were going to get a flying car. This is pitched in the future from 1946 looking at the day.