 for us to have generations of kids that think that it's okay to look forward to a better version of a cell phone with a video in it. They need to look forward to exploration. They need to look forward to colonization. They need to look forward to breakthroughs. They need to, we need to inspire them because they need to lead us and help us survive in the future. I'm particularly troubled that what NASA is doing right now with this new bush doctrine to for this next decade and a half oh shoot I screwed up. We have real specific instructions here not to talk about politics. What we are looking forward to is what we're looking forward to is not only the inspiration of our children but the current plan right now is not really even allowing the most creative people in this country, the bowings and lock-eared space engineers to go out and take risks and try new stuff. We're going to go back to the moon and move 50 years later and we're going to do it very specifically plan to not learn anything new. I'm really troubled by that. Anyway that's the basis of the thing that I want to share with you today though is that right back to where we inspire people who will be our great leaders later. That's the theme of my next 15 minutes here and I think the inspiration begins when you're very young. Three year olds up to 12, 14 year olds. What they look at is the most important thing. Let's take a snapshot at aviation and there was a wonderful little short four year time period when marvelous things happened. It started in 1908 when the Wright brothers flew in Paris and everybody said, oh hey I can do that. There's only a few people that had flown in early 1908. In four years 39 countries had hundreds of airplanes, thousands of pilots. Air planes was invented by natural selection. Now you can say that intelligent design designs or airplanes today but there was no intelligent design really designing those early airplanes. There were probably at least 30,000 different things tried and when they crash and kill the pilot, no, try that again. The ones that flew and landed okay because there was no trained pilots who had good flying qualities by definition. So by making a whole bunch of attempts, thousands of attempts, in that four year time period we invented the concepts of the airplanes that we fly today and that's why they're so safe as we gave a lot of chance to to find what's good. That has not happened at all in space flying. There's only been two concepts tried, two by the US and one by the Russians.