 I did, I wound up studying seabirds to try to stay in the coastal habitats that I so loved, and now I mainly write books about how the ocean is changing, and the ocean is certainly changing very rapidly. Now we saw this kind of graphic earlier on that we really live on a hard marble that has just a slight bit of wetness to it. It's like you dip the marble in water, and the same thing with the atmosphere. If you took all the atmosphere and rolled it up in a ball, you would get that little sphere of gas on the right. So we live on the most fragile little soap bubble, you can imagine, a very sacred soap bubble, but one that is very, very easy to affect. And all of the burning of oil and coal and gas, all the fossil fuels have changed the atmosphere greatly. Harbanday oxide level has gone up and up and up. We're warming the climate, so the blowout in the gulf is just a little piece of a much larger problem that we have with the energy that we use to run civilization. Beyond warming, we have the problem of the oceans getting more acidifying, and already measurably so, and already affecting animals. Now in the laboratory, if you take a clam and you put it in the pH that is not 8.1, which is the normal pH of seawater, but 7.5, it dissolves in about three days. If you take a sea urchin larva, from 8.1, put it in a pH of 7.7, not a huge change, it becomes deformed and dies. And already, commercial oyster larvae are dying at large scales in some places. Coral reefs are growing slower in some places because of this problem. So this really matters. Now let's take a little tour around the gulf a little bit. One of the things that really impresses me about the people in the gulf, they are really, really aquatic people. And they can handle water. They can handle a hurricane that comes and goes, and the water goes down, they know what to do. But when it's something other than water and their water, how to attach changes, they don't have many options. In fact, those entire communities really don't have many options. They don't have another thing they can do. They can't go and work in the local hotel business because there isn't one in their community. If you go to the gulf and you look around, you do see a lot of oil. You see a lot of oil on the ocean. You see a lot of oil on the shoreline. If you go to the site of the blowout, it looks pretty unbelievable. It looks like you just emptied the oil pan in your car and you just dumped it in the ocean. And one of the really most incredible things, I think, is that there's nobody out there trying to collect it at the site where it is densest.