 me becoming a diplomat was random. I'm colourblind. I was born unable to see most colours as why wear grey and black most of the time and I have to take my wife with me to choose clothes. I always wanted to be a fighter pilot when I was a boy. I loved watching planes barrel over our holiday home with the countryside and it was my boy had dreamed to be a fighter pilot and I did the test in the Royal Air Force to become a pilot and sure enough I failed. I couldn't see over blinking different lights so I couldn't distinguish colour. So I had to choose another career and this was in fact relatively easy for me because I had an abiding passion all the way through my childhood which was international relations. As a child I read the newspaper thoroughly I was fascinated by the Cold War by the INF negotiations over intermediate-range and clean missiles, the proxy war between the Soviet Union and the US and Angola or Afghanistan. These things really interested me and so I decided quite early age I wanted to be a diplomat and I one day I announced this to my parents and my father demise the story to this day. I said that Daddy I want to be a diplomat and he turned to me and he said you can't you have to be very clever. My ambition was sealed. 1989 I entered the British Foreign Service that year 5,000 people applied to become diplomat and 20 of us succeeded and as that so the numbers suggest I was inducted into an elite and fascinating and exhilarating world. Being a diplomat then and now is an incredible job and I loved every minute of it. I enjoyed the status of it. I bought myself a nice suit and wore another sold shoes and reveled in this this amazing access I had to world events. I traveled to the Gaza Strip. I headed the Middle East peace process section in the British Foreign Ministry. I became speech writer for the British Foreign Secretary. I met Yes, an Arab at I negotiated with Stadam's diplomats at the UN. Later I traveled to Kabul and served in Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban and I would travel in a C-130 transport and go and visit warlords in mountain hideaways and negotiate with them about how we're going to eradicate our kaira from Afghanistan surrounded by my special forces escort who themselves have an escort of a platoon of raw Marines because it was so dangerous and that was exciting. That was fun. It was really interesting and it's a great harder of people incredibly close-knit community of people and the pinnacle of my career as it turned out was when I was posted to New York.