 to understand something, to get a sense of our cosmic place, to understand something of our origins and how Earth, our planet, and we living on it came to be. And of all the places in the solar system that we might go to and search for answers to questions like this, their Saturn. And we had been to Saturn before, we had been, we'd visited Saturn in the early 1980s, but our investigations of Saturn have become far more in depth in detail since the Cassini spacecraft traveling across interplanetary space for seven years, glided into orbit around Saturn in the summer of 2004 and became at that point the farthest robotic outpost that humanity had ever established around the Sun. Now, the Saturn system is a rich planetary system it offers mystery, scientific insight, and obviously we splendor beyond compare. And the investigation of this system has enormous cosmic reach. In fact, just studying the rings alone, we stand to learn a lot about the discs of stars and gas that we call the spiral galaxies. And here's a beautiful picture of the Andromeda Nebula, which is our closest, largest spiral galaxy to the Milky Way. And then here's a beautiful composite of the world-cool galaxy taken by the Hubble Space Telescope. So the journey back to Saturn is really part of and is also a metaphor for a much larger human voyage to understand the interconnectedness of everything around us and also how humans fit into that picture. And it pains me that I can't tell you all that we have learned with Cassini and all the beautiful pictures that we've taken in the last two and a half years because I simply don't have the time. So I'm going to concentrate on two of the most exciting stories that have emerged out of this major exploratory expedition that we are conducting around Saturn and have been for the past two and a half years. Saturn is accompanied by a very large and diverse collection of moons. They range in size from a few kilometers across to as big across as the US. Most of the beautiful pictures we've taken of Saturn, in fact, show Saturn in accompaniment with some of its moons. Here's Saturn, the Dionysus, and then here's Saturn showing the rings, Ejon showing you just how vertically thin they are with the moon in Saladus. Now two of the 47 moons that Saturn has are standouts and those are Titan and in Saladus. Titan is Saturn's largest moon and until Cassini had arrived there was the largest single expanse of unexplored terrain that we had remaining in our solar system. And it is a body that has long intrigued people who've watched the planets. It has a very large thick atmosphere and in fact its surface environment was believed to be more like