 has a limited condition. The digital universe, Atlas, has been built at the American Museum of Natural History. Over the past 12 years, we maintain that. Put that together as a project to really chart the universe across all scales. What we see here are satellites around the Earth and the Earth in proper registration against the universe as we see. NASA supported this work 12 years ago as part of the rebuilding of the Hayden Planetarium so that we would share this with the world. The digital universe is the basis of our space show productions that we do our main space shows in the dome. But what you see here is a result of actually internships that we hosted with the Linshiping University in Sweden. I've had 12 students work on this for their graduate work and the result has been this software called UniView and a company called Skis in Sweden. This software allows interactive use. This actual flight path and movie that we see here was actually flown live. I captured this live from my laptop in a cafe called Earth Matters, a Lower East Side of Manhattan, where I live. It was done as a collaborative project with the Ruben Museum of Himalayan Art for an exhibit on comparative cosmology. And so as we move out, we see continuously from our planet all the way out into the realm of galaxies. We see here light travel time giving you a sense of how far away we are. As we move out, the light from these distant galaxies have taken so long, we're essentially backing up into the past. We're back so far up. We're finally seeing a containment around us the afterglow of Big Bang. This is the WMAP microwave background that we see. We'll fly outside it here just to see this sort of containment. If we were outside this, it would almost be meaningless in the sense it's before time. But this is our containment of the visible universe. We know the universe is bigger at what we can see. Coming back quickly, we see here a radio sphere that we jumped out of in the beginning. But these are positions, latest positions of exoplanets that we've mapped. And our sun here, obviously, with our own solar system.