 the waters around here of Maldives, around the waters of India, you can see them off parallel. And in fact, we're very lucky in this region. One of the best places in the world to see blue wells is here in this region, in Sri Lanka. You go down to the South Coast of Sri Lanka, doing the northeast monsoon season. You can see blue wells very, very easily. Probably the best place in the world to see them. Now when I talk about the northeast monsoon season, I'm sure many of you here know exactly what I mean, but perhaps some of you are not quite so sure, and I need to explain a little bit about monsoons. The monsoon, the root of the word monsoon, comes from the word season, versus the season. There are two seasons in most of South Asia. And in the summer, India heats up, gets very hot, hot air rises, and air is drawn in off the sea to replace it. And the wet works as it comes from the southwest, it comes off the ocean here and is drawn up towards India, that comes from the southwest, it's the southwest monsoon. Picks up moisture as it crosses the ocean, and that's what brings the monsoon rain. And then in the winter, things cool down, high pressure builds over India, and the whole system goes into reverse. And so the wind is now coming from the northeast, out of India, across the Indian Ocean. This way towards there. Keep that in mind. Now, I'm a marineologist, but I'm actually a bit of an old-fashioned naturalist, I suppose. I'm interested in all sorts of things, almost everything that moves, including dragonflies. And I'm actually going to talk softening about dragonflies. This is a rather beautiful species, it's called the Oriental Scarlet. One thing you need to know about dragonflies, an important thing, is that they lay their eggs in fresh water. They need fresh water to breathe. They lay the eggs into fresh water, that who larvae hatch out in fresh water, they feed on other little things. They feed on mosquito larvae. So they're very important. They conform mosquito marbles, among other things. And they grow and grow by stages, and then they climb out of the water and burst out as cattle, with VC. And typically, there's a lot of variation, but if you have a dragonfly, we'll say a one-year life cycle, which is quite typical, the larva living in the fresh water, lives for 10 or 11 months. And then the adult, which comes after lives for one or two months. So it's essentially a fresh-born animal, it really does need fresh water. Now, this particular species of dragonfly I want to talk about is this one, because most dragonflies, like the one we just seen, when the adult is there for its three, four and two months of life, it doesn't go very far, it can't travel very far. A few kilometers maybe, it's quite typical. They're very good flyers, but they don't go too far. But this guy is an exception. And this is called the Globe Schimmer, or Wandering Glider. And as the name might suggest, it is found pretty much around the world. It lives throughout the tropics, the Americas, Africa, Asia, Australia, into the Pacific. And it wanders far and wide. You know that much, but it really hasn't been studied very much. It's a rather mediocre looking dragonfly. If you're going to study dragonflies, you want to study those really bright, beautiful ones or the really rare ones in the Pacific and danger ones. This is, it seems a bit dull, you know. It's a bit sort of dull.