 for you and this video is a video of Keep Charit who's a well-known jazz and provider and probably the most well-known iconic example of someone who takes improvisation to a really higher level and he'll improvise entire concerts off the top of his head and he'll never play the exact same way again and so as a form of intense creativity I think this is a great example so why don't we go ahead and click the video had I've always just as a listener and it's just a fan I listen to that I'm just so how can it possibly be? How can the brain generate that much information that that much music is spontaneous. And so I set out with this concept scientifically that artistic creativity is magical, but it's not magic. Meaning that it's product from the brain. There's not too many brain that people creating art. And so with this notion that artistic creativity is in fact neurologic product, I took the thesis that we could study it just like we study any other complex neurologic process. I think there's some sub-questions there that I put there. Is it truly possible to study creativity scientifically? And I think that's a good question. And I'll tell you that most scientific studies of music are very dense and when you actually go through them, it's very hard to recognize the music in. In fact, they seem to be very un-musical entirely into the whole point of the music. And so it brings the sense where to do it. And why should scientists study creativity? Maybe we're not the right people to do it. Well, it may be. But I will say that from a scientific perspective, we talked a lot about innovation today. The science of innovation, how much we understand about how the brain is able to innovate is in its infants, and truly we know very little about how we are able to be creative. And so I think that we're going to see over the next 10, 20, 30 years, a real science of creativity that's burgeoning and it's going to flourish because we now have new methods that can enable us to take this process of something like this, complex jazz improvisation and study it, rigorous. And so it gets down to the brain. So all of us have this remarkable brain, which is fully understood to say the least. I think that neuroscientists have much more questions than answers. I'm not going to give you many answers. They just ask a lot of questions. And fundamentally, that's what I do in my lab. I ask questions.