 the pulmonary veins, making the right side of the heart work over time and causing what I call the reverse-brinch effect. My heart was three and a half sizes too big. Physical activity becomes very difficult for people with this condition and usually after two to five years, you die. I went to see this specialist and she was top of the field and told me I had to stop singing. She said those high notes are going to kill you. While she didn't have any medical evidence to back up her claim that there was a relationship between operatic arias and pulmonary hypertension, she was absolutely emphatic. I was singing my own obituary. I was very limited by my condition physically. But I was not limited when I sang and as air came up from my lungs through my vocal cords and passed my lips as sound. It was the closest thing I had ever come to transcend it. And just because of someone's hunch, I wasn't going to give it up. Thankfully, I met Rhett Egergas, who is dry as toast. But he and his team at Johns Hopkins didn't just want me to survive. They wanted me to live a meaningful life. This meant making trade-offs. I come from Colorado. It's mile high and I grew up there with my ten brothers and sisters and two adoring parents. Well, the altitude exacerbated my symptoms. So I moved to Baltimore to be near my doctorate and enrolled in conservatory nearby. I couldn't walk as much as I used to. So I opted for five in shields. And I gave up salt. I went vegan and I started taking huge doses of soap dendrofil, also known as bi-i-bruts. My father and my grandfather were always looking for the newest thing, an alternative or traditional therapies for pH. But after six months, I couldn't walk up a small hill. I couldn't climb a fight of stairs. I could barely stand up without feeling like I was going to faint. I had a heart patheterization where they measure this internal arterial pulmonary pressure, which is supposed to be between 15 and 20. Mine was 146. I like to do things big. And it meant one thing. There is a big gun treatment for pulmonary hypertension called flow-amp. And it's not just a drug. It's a way of life. Doctors insert a capeter in your chest, which is