 white and blue-eyed. They played in the snow, they ate apples and they talked a lot about the weather how lovely it was that the sun had come out. Now this despite the fact that I lived in Nigeria had never been outside Nigeria. We didn't have snow, we ate mangoes and we never talked about the weather because there was no need to. My characters also drank a lot of ginger gear because the characters in the British books I read drank ginger beer. Never mind that I had no idea what ginger beer was. And for many years afterwards I would have a desperate desire to taste ginger beer, but that is another story. What this demonstrates I think is how impressionable and vulnerable we are in the face of a story, particularly as children. Because all I had read were books in which characters were foreign. I had become convinced that books by their very nature had to have foreigners in them and had to be about things with which I could not personally identify. Now things changed when I discovered African books. There weren't many of them available and there weren't quite as easy to find as the foreign books, but because of writers like Chinathebe and Kamara Leye, I went through a mental shift in my perception of literature. I realized that people like me, girls with skin, the colour of chocolate whose kinky hair could not form ponytails could also exist in literature. I started to write about things I recognised. Now I loved those American and British books I read. They stirred my imagination, they opened up new walls for me. But the unintended consequence was that I did not know that people like me could exist in the literature. So what the discovery of African writers did for me was this, it saved me from having a single story of what books are. I come from a conventional middle class Nigerian family. My father was a professor, my mother was an administrator. And so we had, as was the norm, living domestic health who would often come from nearby rural villages. So the year I turned eight we got a new house born. His name was Fide. The only thing my mother told us about him was that his family was very poor. My mother sent yams and rice and old clothes to his family. And when I didn't finish my dinner my mother would say, finish your food, don't you know people like Fide's family have nothing? So I felt enormous pity for Fide's family. Then one Saturday we went to his village to visit. And his mother showed us a beautifully patterned basket made of dyed raffia that his brother had made. I was startled. It had not occurred to me that