 With the youthful idealism of a 26 year old, in 1987, I started my company and I called it Jua de V, a very impractical name, and because I actually was looking to create joy of life. And this first hotel that I bought, Motel, was a pay by the hour, Motel Motel, in the inner city of San Francisco. As I spent time with Vivian, I saw that she had sort of a Jua de V in how she did her work. It made me question and curious how could someone actually find joy in actually cleaning toilets for a living? So I spent time with Vivian and I saw that she didn't find joy in cleaning toilets. Her job, her goal and her calling was not to become the world's greatest toilet scrub. What counts for Vivian was the emotional connection she created with her fellow employees and our guests. And what gave her inspiration and meaning was the fact that actually she was taking care of people who were far away from home because Vivian knew what it was like to be far away from home. That very human lesson more than 20 years ago served me well during the last economic downturn we had. In the wake of the dot com crash and 9-11 San Francisco Bay Area hotels went through the largest percentage revenue drop in the history of American hotels. We were the largest operator of hotels in the Bay Area so we were particularly vulnerable. But also back then remember we stopped eating French fries in this country. Well not exactly of course not. We actually started eating freedom fries and we actually started boycotting anything that was French. Well my name is my company. There's a lot of it. So I started getting these letters from places like Alabama and Orange County saying to me that they were going to boycott my company because they thought we were a French company and I'd write them back and I'd say wait a minute we're not French. We're an American company we're based in San Francisco and I'd get a church response. Oh that's worse. One particular day when I was feeling a little depressed not a lot as you want to be. I ended up in the local bookstore on the corner from our offices and I initially ended up in the business section of the books are looking for a business solution but given my befuddled state of mind I ended up in the self-help section very quickly and that's where I got reacquainted with Abraham Maslow's hierarchy of needs. I took one psychology class in college and I learned about this guy Abraham Maslow as many of us are familiar with this hierarchy of needs but as I sat there for four hours full afternoon reading Maslow I actually recognized something that is true of most leaders and one of the simplest facts and business is something that we often neglect and that is that we're all human. In each of us no matter what our role is in business actually has some hierarchy of needs in the workplace. So as I started reading more Maslow what actually started to realize is that actually Maslow later in his life wanted to take this hierarchy for the individual and apply it to the collective to organizations and specifically.