 and try for one last big payday in the marquee event, the New York City Marathon. Except bad news for Dr. Toulou, some other people had the same idea, including the Olympic gold medalist and Paula Radcliffe, who is a monster, the fastest woman marathoner in history by far. Only 10 minutes off the men's world record, Paula Radcliffe is essentially unbeatable. That's her competition. The gun goes off, and I mean, she's like underdogs. She's like under the underdogs. But the underdog hangs tough, and 22 miles into a 26 mile race. There is Dr. Toulou up there with a lead pack. Now, this is when something really bizarre happens. Paula Radcliffe, the one person who is sure to snatch the big paycheck out of Dr. Toulou's under-underdog hands, suddenly grabs her leg and starts to fall back. So we all know what to do in this situation, right? You give her a quick frack in a teeth year elbow, blaze for the finish line. Dr. Toulou ruins the script instead of taking off. She falls back and she grabs Paula Radcliffe says, come on, come with us. You can do it. So Paula Radcliffe, unfortunately, does it. She catches up with a lead pack and is pushing to finish line. Then she falls back again. And the second time Dr. Toulou grabs her and tries to pull it. And Paula Radcliffe at that point says, I'm done, go. Such a fantastic story. And when we all know how it ends, she loses the check that she gives home with something bigger and more important. Hey, Seth, Dr. Toulou ruins the script again. Instead of losing, she blazes past the lead pack in wins. wins in the University of Marathon, goes home with a big fat check. It's a heartwarming story, but if you drill a little bit deeper, you've got to sort of wonder about what exactly was going on there. You know, we have two outliers in one organism. It's not a coincidence. We have someone who is more competitive and more compassionate than anybody else in the race. Again, it's not a coincidence. You show me a creature with wet feet and gills, somehow water's involved. Someone with that kind of heart, there's some kind of connection there. And the answer to it, I think, can be found down in the copper canyons of Mexico, where there's a tribe, a reclusive tribe, called the Tadumata in East. Now, the Tadumata are remarkable for three things. Number one is they have been living essentially unchanged for the past 400 years. When the conquistadors arrived in North America, you had two choices. You got to fight back and engage, or you could take off. The mines in the Aztecs engaged, which is why there are very few mines in Aztecs. The Tadumata had a different strategy. They took off and hid in this labrathine network in kind of spider webbing system of canyons, called the copper canyons. And there they remained since the 1600s, essentially the same way they've always been. The second thing remarkable about the Tadumata is, deep in the old age, 70 and 80 years old. These guys aren't running marathons. They're running mega marathons. They're not doing 26 miles or doing 100.