 and I stuck it up with my friends to use. Now six and a half years later, over 7 million people are using it, consisting over 700,000 post per month or per day rather. And we've gone from one board to 48 boards. This is what it looks like. So what's unique about the site is that it's anonymous and it has no memory. There's no archive, there are no barriers, there's no registration. These things are where you stood with the forms that don't exist on the board. And that's led to this discussion that's completely raw, completely unfiltered. And what the site's known for, because it has this environment, is it's phosphatification of a lot of internet phenomena, viral videos, what not, known as memes. To the largest memes that I've come out of the site, some of you might familiar with are these low cats. Just silly pictures of cats with text and this resonates with millions of people around because there are tens of thousands of these and there's a whole blogging empire now dedicated to pictures like these. And Rick Astley's, and a rebirth, these past two years, Rick Roll was this bait and switch, really simple, classic bait and switch. Somebody says they don't need to something interesting and you get an 80s pop song. That's all it was. And it got picking up to the point where there was a float last year at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade. And Rick Astley pops out in Rick Rolls, millions of people on television. There are thousands of memes that come out of the site. There are a handful that have escaped into mainstream ones I've just shown you. But there are just every day, every month, there are people out producing thousands of these. So to decide like this, have rules. We do, there are the codified rules that I've come up with, which are more or less ignored by the community. And so they come up with their own set of rules. The rules of the internet. And so there are three that I wanna show you specifically, rule one, is you don't talk about B. Who is you not talk about B. And this one's kinda interesting. If it exists, there is porn of it, no acceptance. And I will spare you that slide. I assure you it is very true. B is the first part we started with. And it is in many ways, it is the beating part of the website. It is where a third of all the traffic is going and B is known for more than anything, not just the memes that they created, but the exploits. And Chris just touched on one of those a second ago and that was in time when 100 told. So somebody at time at the magazine thought it would be fun to nominate me for this, this thing they did last year. And so they placed me on it. And the internet got wind of it, my community decided they wanted me to win it. I didn't instruct them to do it. They just decided that's what they wanted. And so, you know, 390% approval rating and so bad.