 showed up at my shop in Berkeley. I'd actually never stepped foot in an aerositer in trailer or any other trailer. So I can be somebody that can look at this and a totally fresh perspective and see if I can optimize it in its most idealistic fashion. I decided I had to do some research and really figure out what had gone wrong somewhere along the history of aerositer. And then what I discovered in these interiors is that there was a disconnect between the exterior shell and the interior architecture of the pieces and that the shell was originally conceived as a lightweight modern futuristic high-tech pod for purdling down the freeway and the interiors were completely out of sync with that. In fact it appeared like they reference a mountain cabin. That seemed really like a crisis to me that they had never been able to develop a vocabulary about escape and about travel and modernity in this trailer that was consistent with the shell. So we really needed to do some archaeology in the trailer itself to figure out what's not been in an aerositering trail and what feels like it has true purpose and utility. We stripped out all the vinyl and zoolotone paint that was covering up this just fantastic aluminum shell. We took off all the visible hardware and trim that was kind of doing the country cabin thing. I literally drew on the walls of the trailer, mocked it up in cardboard. We'd come in and cut, decide things were wrong, pull it out, put it back in. The main goal was to smooth out the interior and begin to speak about motion and mobility and independence. The biggest difficulty on one of these trailers is that when you're designing there's actually no logical place to stop and start materials because of the continuous form of the trailer. There's no such things as two walls of a ceiling coming together where you can change materials and shapes. So that became a challenge. Compounding that the material of choice laminated that I was trying to highlight only bends in two dimensions. It's a compound curved interior. What I had to devise was a way of fooling the eye into believing that all these panels are curved with the shell. What I came up with was a series of second skins that basically float over the aluminum shell and what I was trying to do there was direct your eye in the space so that you would perceive the geometry in a different way and that the case work wouldn't break up the space. They also gave us a way to run power and rewire the trailer without tearing out the skin so the function has an electrical chase. So that's the trailer pretty much finished. That's