 and they're not very emotional, they solve the purpose, and certainly automobiles have been around for a hundred years, and it's made our lives functionally a lot better in many ways. They've also been a real pain in the ass, because automobiles are really the thing you have to solve. We have to solve the pollution, we have to solve the congestion, but that's not what interests me in this speech. What interests me in this speech is cars. Automobiles may be what you use, but cars are what we are in many ways. And as long as we can solve the problems of automobiles, and I believe we can with fuel cells or hydrogen, like the NW is really hip-hop, and lots of other things, then I think we can look past that and try and understand why this is hook is in many of us of this cariness, and what that means what we can learn from. That's what I want to get to. Cars are not a suit of clothes, cars are an avatar, cars are an expansion of yourself. They take your thoughts, your ideas, your emotions, and they multiply, your anger, whatever. It's an avatar, it's a super wall, though, you happen to be inside of, and if you feel sexy, the car is sexy. And if you're full of road rage, you got a Chevy like a rock, right? Cars are a sculpture. Now, did you know this? Every car you see out there is sculpted by hand. Maybe people think, well, as computers is done by machines, and stuff like that, well, they reproduce it, but the originals are all done by hand. It's done by men and women who believe a lot in their craft, and they put that same kind of tension into the sculpting of a car which you do in a great sculpture that you would go and look at in the museum, that tension between the need to express, the need to discover, then you put something new into it, and at the same time, you have bounds and craftsmanship. Rules that say, this is how you handle surfaces. This is what control is all about. This is how you show your master of your craft, and that tension that discovery that push for something new, and at the same time that sense of obligation to the regards of craftsmanship, that's as strong in cars as it is in anything. We work in clay, which hasn't changed much since Michelangelo started screwing around with it. And there's a very interesting analogy to that too, or quickly. Michelangelo once said he's there to discover and figure within. Okay? Here we go. There we go. The automobile. That was 100 years right there. Did you catch that? Between that one there, and that one there, changed a lot, didn't they? Okay? It's not marketing. It's a very interesting car concept here, but the marketing part is not what I want to talk about here. I want to talk about this. Why it means you have to wash your car. What is it? That sensuality you have to touch about it. Okay? That's the sculpture that goes into it, the sensuality. And it's done by men and women working just like this, making cars. Nice to report about sculpture from Henry Moore. I believe that that pressure within that Moore is talking about, at least when it comes to cars, it comes right back to this idea of the meme. It's that will to live, that need to survive, to express itself, that comes in a car and takes over people like me. And we tell other people, do this, do this, do this, do this until this thing comes alive.