 generation of us. But what I've come to learn is that the world is never saved in grand mesonite gestures, but in the simple accumulation of gentle, soft, almost invisible acts of compassion, everyday acts of compassion. In South Africa, they have a phrase called Ubuntu. Ubuntu comes out of a philosophy that says, the only way for me to be human is for you to reflect your mind, my humanity back at me. But if you're like me, my humanity is more like a window. I don't really see it. I don't pay attention to it until there's a, you know, like a bug that's dead on the window, then suddenly I see it. And usually it's never good. Usually when I'm crossing in traffic, that's someone who's trying to drive their car and drink coffee and send emails and make notes. So what Ubuntu really says is that there's no way for us to be human without other people. It's really very simple, but really very complicated. So I thought I should start with some stories. I should tell you some stories about remarkable people. So I thought I'd start with my mother. And she was dark too. My mother was English, my parents met in Oxford in the 50s and my mother moved to Nigeria and lived there. So it was five foot two, very feisty and very English. This is how English my mother is. Or was, she just passed. She came out to California to look at Los Angeles to visit me and we went to Malibu, which she thought was very disappointing. And then we went to a fish restaurant and we had Chad, the surfer, do serving us. And he came up and my mother said, do you have any specials young man? And Chad says, sure, like we have this like salmon, it's like rolled in like this wasabi like crust, totally bad. My mother tried to even said, what language is this people? I said English, mom. She shook her head and said, all these Americans gave them a language. Why don't they use it? So this woman who converted from the church of England to Catholicism when she married my father and there's no more rabid than a Catholic convert decided to teach in the rural areas in Nigeria, particularly among evil women, the Billings ovulation method, which was the only true birth control by the Catholic church. But her English, I mean, her evil wasn't too good. So she took me along to translate our seven. So here are these women who never discussed their period with their husbands. And here I'm telling them, well, how often do you get your period? And do you notice any discharges? And how swollen is your vulva?