 pouring in and a cold would co-late them, she would post them and she quickly said, it's too much. I could do this all day every day and I can't keep up. There is more information about what's going on in Kenya right now than any one person can manage. If only there was a way to automate this. And two programmers who read or blog held their hands up and said, we could do that. And in 72 hours they launched Yusha Heade. Yusha Heade, the name means witness or testimony in Swahili, is a very simple way of taking reports from the field, whether it's from the web or critically via mobile phones and SMS, aggregating it and putting it on a map. That's all it is, but that's all that's needed because what it does is it takes the tacit information available to the whole population. Everybody knows where the violence is, but no one person knows what everyone knows. It takes that tacit information and aggregates it and it maps it and it makes it public. And that, that maneuver called crisis map, was kicked off in Kenya in January of 2008. And enough people looked at it and found it valuable enough that the programmers who created Yusha Heade decided they were going to make it open source and turn it into a platform. It's since been deployed in Mexico to track electoral flow. It's been deployed in Washington DC to track snow cleanup and it's been used most famously in Haiti in the aftermath of the earthquake. And when you look at the map, now posted on the Yusha Heade front page, you can see that the number of deployments in Yusha Heade has gone worldwide. This went from a single idea and a single implementation in East Africa in the beginning of 2008 to a global deployment in less than three years. Now what a colode did would not have been possible without digital technology. What a colode did would not have been possible without human generosity. And the interesting moment now, the number of environments where the social design challenge relies on both of those things being true. That is the resource that I'm talking about. I call it cognitive surplus and it represents the ability of the world's population to volunteer and to contribute and collaborate on large, sometimes global projects. Cognitive surplus has made up two things. The first obviously is the world's free time in towns. The world has over a trillion hours a year of free time to commit to shared projects. Now that free time existed in the 20th century but we didn't get Yusha Heade in the 20th century. That's the second half of cognitive surplus. The media landscape in the 20th century was very good at helping people consume and we got as a result very good at consuming. But now that we've been given media tools, the internet, mobile phones that let us