 stealing information and selling it. And I'd love to talk about that. It'd be fun. But 20 years later, I find computer security, frankly, to be kind of boring. It's tedious. I'm the first time you do something. It's science. The second time, it's engineering. The third time, it's just being a technician. I'm a scientist. Once I do something, I'll do something else. So I'm not going to talk about that. Nor am I going to talk about what I think are obvious statements from my first book, Silicon State Club. I'll put it a second book on, and nor am I going to talk about why I believe computers don't belong in schools. I feel that there's a massive, bizarre idea going around that we have to bring more computers into schools. My idea is no, no, get them out of schools and keep them out of schools. And I'd love to talk about this. But I think the argument is so obvious to anyone who's hung around a fourth grade classroom that doesn't need much talking about. But I guess I may be very wrong about that and everything else that I've said. So don't go back and read my dissertation and probably his lies in it as well. I'm having said that. I outlined my talk about about five minutes ago. And if you don't get it over here, the main thing that I run my thumb was the future. And it's supposed to talk about the future. Yes. Oh, great. And my feeling is asking, asking me to talk about the future is bizarre because I've got gray hair. And so it's kind of silly for me to talk about the future. In fact, I think that if you really want to know what the future is going to be, if you really want to know about the future, don't ask a technologist a scientist a physicist. No, don't ask somebody who's writing code. No, if you want to know what society is going to be liking 20 years, ask a kindergarten teacher. They know. In fact, don't just ask any kindergarten teacher ask an experienced one. They're the ones who know what society is going to be like in another generation. I don't. Nor I suspect do many other people who are talking about what the future will bring. Certainly, all of us can imagine these cool new things that are going to be there. But to me, things are the future. But I'll ask myself is what society going to be like when kids are when the kids today are phenomenally good at text messaging and spend a huge amount of on the screen time, but have never gone bowling to young. Changes happening and the changes happening is not going to be good.