 fix it. Well actually I think the answer is staring us right in the face. Use computers. I believe that correctly using computers is the silver bullet for making math education work. So to explain that let me first talk a bit about what math looks like in the real world and what it looks like in education. See in the real world math isn't necessarily done by mathematicians. It's done by geologists, engineers, biologists, all sorts of different people modeling and simulation. It's actually very popular but in education it looks very different. Dumb down problems lots of calculating mostly by hand. Lots of things that seem simple and not difficult like in the real world except if you're learning. Another thing about math. Math sometimes looks like math like in this example here and sometimes it doesn't like am I drunk and then you get an answer that's quantitative in the modern world. You wouldn't have expected that a few years back but now you can find out all about I'm pushing my weight a little higher than that but all about what happens. So let's zoom out a bit and ask why we teaching people math. What's the point of teaching people math and in particular why are we teaching the math and in general why is such an important path of education as a sort of compulsory subject. Well I think there are about three reasons. Technical jobs so critical to the development of our economies. What I call everyday living. You know to function in the in the world today you've got to be pretty quantitative much more so than a few years ago. You know figuring out your mortgages being skeptical about my statistics those kinds of things. And thirdly what I would call you know something like logical mind training, logical thinking. Over the years we've put so much in society and to be able to process and think logically it's part of human society it's very important to learn that math is a great way to do that. So let's ask another question. What is math? What do we mean when we say we're doing math or educating people to do math. Well I think it's about four steps Ruff is speaking. Starting with posing the right question what is it that we want to ask? What is it we're trying to find out here? And this is the thing most screwed up in the outside world beyond virtually any other part of doing math. People ask the wrong question and it's rising enough they get the wrong answer for that reason if not for others. So the next thing is take that problem and turn it from a real world problem into a sort of math problem. That's stage two. Once you've done that then there's the computation step. Turn it map into some answer in a mathematical form.