 I was assisting them, collecting ivory tarts, and whatever they were killing, and putting in the forest, bringing it in the main city to get access to the markets. But finally, I got myself involved. Around 17-20 years, I became myself a potter. And I wanted to do it because I believed to continue my study. I wanted to go to university, but my father was poor. My uncle even. So I did it. And for three to four years, I went to university. Four three times, I applied it to be a biomedical science, to be a doctor. I didn't succeed. I was having my description, my definition to biology. And I said, no way, I'm not doing it. My family's poor, my area don't have better healthcare. I want to be a doctor to save them. Three times, that means three years. And I started getting old. I said, no, I continue. So I did tropical ecology and plant botany. When I finished, I went to the forest for my internship. I was where I really get in passion with what I'm doing right up to. Now I'm standing in front of you, doing botany and wildlife conservation. That time, the tourist forest was created as forest reserve, with some endemic animals and also plants. And the training center there was built around the scientific conglomerates and some American scientists also. So the ocapifono reserve protects number. I think this is the largest number of elephants we have right now in protected area in Congo. It has also chimpanzees. And it has been named ocapifono reserve because of this beautiful creature. That is forest giraffe. I think you guys know it's quite well here. We have savanna giraff, but through evolutions, we have this forest giraffe that lives only in Congo. It has also some beautiful primates. 13 species highest diversity we can found in one single area in Africa. And it has the two forests itself, about 1,300 species of plants so far known. I joined it, wildlife conservation society working there in 1995. But I started working with them as a student in 1991. I was appointed as teaching assistant at my university because I did a accomplished with honours.