 order of two to eight hours. So in the last decade, a large number of genomes have been added, most human pathogens, a couple of plants, several insects, and several mammals, improving the human genome. Genome makes at the stage of the thinking from a little over 10 years ago was by the end of this year we might have between three and five genome sequenced. It's on the order of several hundred. We just got a grant from the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation to sequence 130 genomes this year as a side project from environmental organisms. So the rate of reading the genetic code has changed. But as we look what's out there, we barely scratch the surface on what is available on this planet. Most people don't realize it because they're invisible, but microbes make up about a half of the earth's biomass, whereas all animals only make up about one one thousandths of all the biomass. And maybe it's something that people on Oxford don't do very often, but if you ever make it to the sea and you swallow a mouthful of sea water, keep in mind that each milliliter has about a million bacteria and on the order of 10 million viruses. Less than 5,000 microbial species had been characterized as of two years ago. And so we decided to do something about it. And we started the source for two expedition where we're as with great ocean graphic expeditions trying to sample the ocean every 200 miles. We started in Bermuda for a test project and moved up to Halifax working down the U.S. East coast, the Caribbean Sea, the Panama Canal, through to the Galapagos, then across the Pacific. We're in their process now of working our way across the Indian Ocean. It's very tough duty. We're doing this on a sailing vessel in part to help excite young people about going into science. The experiments are incredibly simple. We just take sea water and refilter it and we collect different size organisms on different filters and then take their DNA back to our lab in Rockville, where we can sequence a hundred million letters of the genetic code every 24 hours. And with doing this, we've made some amazing discoveries. For example, it was thought that the visual pigments that are in our eyes, there was only one or two organisms in the environment that had these same pigments. It turns out almost every species in the upper parts of the ocean and one parts of the world have these same photoreceptors and use sunlight as the source of their energy and communication. From one site, from one barrel of sea water, we discovered 1.3 million new genes in as many as 50,000 new species. We've extended this to the air now with a grant from the Sloan Foundation.