 further, yes, I know it all began with Britain's Got Talent. But my point in discussing this is to show you, I hope I'll be able to show you how these merit-based competitions with equal access to everyone with the winners selected by voting via SMS are changing tribal societies, and I'm going to focus on Afghanistan and the Arab world with the UAE how they're changing tribal societies not by introducing Western ideas but by being integrated into the language in those places. It all begins with enjoyment. These programs are reaching incredibly deeply into society in Afghanistan. People go to extraordinary lengths to be able to watch this program and you don't necessarily have to have your own TV set. People watch it all over the country also in public places, but it goes beyond watching because also part of this is campaigning. People become so engaged that they have volunteers just like political volunteers anyway who fan out over the countryside, campaigning for their candidate. The contestants also put themselves forward. Now, and of course there's a certain degree of ethnic allegiance but not entirely because each year the winner has come from a different tribal group. This has opened up the door particularly for women and in the last season there were two women in the finalists. One of them, Lisa Haar is a Pashtun from Kandahar, a very conservative part of the country and here she relates in the documentary film Afghan star how her friends urged her not to do this and told her that she was leaving them for democracy. But she also confides that she knows that members of the Taliban are actually SMS'ing votes in for her. Aida Al-Jahani also took risks and put herself out to compete in the poet of the millions competition. I have to say her husband backed her from the start but her tribe and family urged her not to compete and were very much against it. But once she started to win then they got behind her again. It turns out that competition and winning is a universal human value and she's out there her poetry is about women and the life of women in society. So just by presenting herself and being in competition with men this