 So much in the kitchen, I thought this would be interesting. And I wrote a couple of chapters, and I took it to MIT Press, and they said, cute, but not for us. Go and find somebody else. I tried other people. And everybody said the same thing. Cute, not for us. Until somebody said, look, if you're serious about this, you first have to write a book about your research. You have to publish something. And then you'll get the opportunity to write something else. If you really want to do it, you have to do it. So I said, you know, I really don't want to write about my research. I do this all day long. I want to write something else, something a bit more free, less constrained. And this person was very forceful and said, look, that's the only way you'll ever do it. So I said, OK, if I have to do it, I have sabbatical. I said, I'll write about my research. If there's no other way, then I'll get to do my cooking. So I wrote a book with my research. And it turns out to be quite fun. And in two ways, first of all, I enjoyed writing. But the more interesting thing was that I stopped learning from people. It's a fantastic time to write because there's so much feedback you can get from people. People write me about their personal experience, about their examples, and what they disagree, and nuances. And even being here in the last few days, I've known really heights of obsessive behavior. I never thought about it. Which I think is just fascinating. I want to tell you a little bit about irrational behavior. And I want to start by giving you some examples of visual illusion as a metaphor for rationality. So think about these two tables. You must have seen this illusion. If I ask you what's longer, the vertical line on the table on the left, or the horizontal line on the table on the right, which one seems longer, can anybody see anything but the last one being longer? All right, it's impossible. But the nice thing about visual illusion is we can easily demonstrate mistakes. So I can put some lines on. It doesn't help. I can animate the lines. And to the extent you believe me, I didn't shrink the lines, which I didn't, I've proven to you that your eyes were deceiving you. Now, the interesting thing about this is when I take the lines away, it's as if you haven't learned anything in the last minute. You can't look at this and say, OK, now I see reality as it is. Right? It's impossible to overcome this sense that this is indeed longer. Our intuition is really fooling us in a repeatable, predictable, consistent way. There's almost nothing we can do about it, besides from taking a ruler and starting to measure it. Here's another one. This is one of my favorite illusion. What do you see the color that the top arrow is pointing to? Brown, thank you. The bottom one, yellow, turns out they're identical. Can anybody see them as identical? Very, very hard. I can cover the rest of the cube up. And if I cover the rest of the cube, you can see that they're identical. And if you don't believe me, you can get the slide later and do some awesome craft and see that they're identical. But again, it's the same story that if we take the background away, the illusion comes