 longer better. Should you be running marathons or doing yoga? Should you eat organic meats or should you be eating tofu? What it comes to supplements should you be taking them? How about these hormones or a residual and does purpose plan to it? Spirituality and how about how we socialize? Well our approach to finding longevity was to team up with National Geographic and the National Institute on Aging to find the four demographically confirmed areas that are geographically defined and then bring a team of experts in there to methodically go through exactly what these people to to distill down the cross-cultural distillation and at the end of this I'm going to tell you what that distillation is but first I'd like to debunk some common myths when it comes to longevity. And the first myth is if you try really hard you can live to be a hundred. False. The problem is only about one out of 5,000 people in America are lived to be a hundred. Your chances are very low even though it's the fastest growing demographic in America it's hard to reach 100. The problem is that we are not programmed for longevity. We are programmed for something called procreative success. I love that word. It might be my college days. Biologists term procreative success to mean the age where you have children and then another generation the age when your children have children after that the effect of evolution completely dissipates. If you're a mammal, if you're a rat or an elephant or a human being in between it's the same story. So to make it to age 100 you not only have to have had a very good lifestyle you also have to have one the genetic lottery. The second myth is there are treatments that can help slow reverse or even stop aging. False. When you think of it there's 99 things that can age. Deprive your brain of oxygen for just a few minutes those brain cells die they never come back. Play tennis too hard on your knees room your cartilage that cartilage never comes back. Our arteries can clog our brains can gunk up with plaque and we can get Alzheimer's. There's just too many things to go wrong. Our bodies have 35 trillion cells. Trillion with the tea we're talking national debt numbers here. Those cells turn themselves over once every eight years and every time they turn themselves over there's some damage and that damage builds up and it builds up exponentially. It's a little bit like the days when we all had Beatles albums or Eagles albums and we make a copy of that on a cassette tape and then let our friends copy that cassette tape and pretty soon with successive generations that tapes sounds like garbage. Well the same things happen to ourselves. That's why