 The force equals mass times acceleration. This is something that perhaps Turkey share lines should have studied a bit more carefully. The thought they ran this campaign. But if we rearrange this formula quickly we can get to acceleration equals force over mass, which means that for a larger particle a larger mass it requires more force to change its direction. It's the same with brands. The more massive a brand, the more baggage it has, the more forces need to change its positioning. And that's one of the reasons why Arthur Anderson chose to launch Accenture rather than try to persuade the world that Anderson's consent for something other than a countancy. It explains why Hoover found it very difficult to persuade the world that it was more than vacuum cleaners. And why companies like Unilever and PNG keep brands separate like aerial and triangles and does rather than having one giant parent brand. So the physics is that the bigger the mass of an object the more forces needed to change its direction. The marketing is the bigger a brand the more difficult it is to reposition it. To think about a portfolio of brands or maybe new brands for new ventures. Now, who remembers Heisenberg's uncertainty principle? Getting a little more technical now. So this says that it's impossible by definition to measure exactly the state either position and the momentum of a particle because the acts of measuring it by definition changes it. So to explain that if you go an elementary particle and you shine a light on it then the photon of light has momentum which knocks the particle so you don't know where it was before you look to it. By measuring it the act of measurement changes it. The act of observation changes it. It's the same in marketing. So with the act of observing consumers changes their behavior. Think about the group of mums who are talking about their wonderful children in a focus group and almost none of them buy lots of junk food and yet McDonald sells hundreds of millions of burgers every year. Think about the people who are on a company shop in supermarkets who stuff their trolleys full of fresh fruit green vegetables and fruit. Don't shop like that any other day. And if you think about the number of people who claim in surveys to regularly look for call on the web it's very few. Yet at Google we know it's the number one search for category. So luckily the science, sorry the marketing is getting easier. Luckily with now better point of sale tracking, more digital media consumption you can measure more what consumers actually do rather than what they say they do. So the physics is you can never accurately and exactly measure a particle because the observation changes it. The marketing is the measure