 and cacoles and growls because they think that's impossible. You can't explain consciousness. The very puts for somebody thinking if you could explain consciousness is just out of the question. My late, lamented friend, Bob Dozik, fine philosopher in one of his books, Philosophical Explanation. He's commenting on the ethos of philosophy, the way philosophy is about their business. He says, you know, philosophers love rational argument. He says, it seems as if the ideal argument for most philosophers is you give your audience the premises and then you give them the inferences and the conclusion. And if they don't accept the conclusion, they die. Their heads explode. The idea is to have an argument that is so powerful that it knocks out your opponents. But in fact, that doesn't change people's minds at all. It's very hard to change people's minds about something like consciousness. And I finally figured out the reason for that. The reason for that is that everybody's an expert on consciousness. We heard the other day that everybody's got a strong opinion about video games. They all have an idea for a video game, even if they're not experts. But they don't consider themselves experts in video games. They've got strong opinions. I'm sure that people here who work on say, climate change involved warming or on the future of the internet, they encounter people who have very strong opinions about what's going to happen next. But they probably don't think of these opinions as expertise. They're just strongly held opinions. But with regard to consciousness, people seem to think each one of us seems to think, I am an expert. Simply by being conscious, I know all about this. And so you tell them your theory. They say, no, no, this is the way consciousness is. No, you got it all wrong. And they say this with an amazing confidence. And so what I'm going to try to do today is to shake your confidence. Because I know the feeling, I can feel it myself. I want to shake your confidence that you know your own innermost minds, that you are yourselves authoritative about your own consciousness. That's the order of the day here. Now, this nice picture shows a thought balloon or thought bubble. I think everybody understands what that means. That's supposed to exhibit the stream of consciousness. This is my favorite picture of consciousness ever been done. It's a solid Steinberg, of course, was a New York cover. And this fellow here is looking at the broth painting. It's by broth. That reminds them of the word Baroque, Barric, Bar, Poodle, Susanne, he's off of the races. This, there's a wonderful stream of consciousness here. And if you follow it along, you learn a lot about this, man. What I particularly like about this picture, too, is that Steinberg has rendered the guy in this sort of