 And of course, first you're in breakfast, and then you fill the shelf with a little bandole and paint it and nail it up. You have an architecture button and just a fraction of the tone. Then this is our look at the inside. You see the three light transum there with the eyebrow windows, certainly an architecture line teak headed to the landfill. The lock set is probably worth $200. Everything in the kitchen was salvaged. There's an 1952 O'Keefe Merit stove. I want to go to the stove. This is going up into the turret. I got that staircase for $20 including delivery to my lot. Then looking up in the turret you see there are bulges and pokes and sags and so forth. Well if that ruins your life, well then you should live there. This is a laundry shoe. This right here is a shoe last and those are those cast on things you see at antique shops. I had one of those so I made some low tech gadgetry there. You just stomp on the shoe last and then the door flies out and you throw your laundry in. Then if you're smart enough it goes into a basket on top of the washer. If not it goes into the toilet. This bathtub I made out of scrap, two by four here, started with a rim there and then the hood and held it up into a flat and flipped it over and did the two profiles. The side is the two person tub. After all it's not just a question hygiene but there's possibility of recreation as well. This faucet here is just a piece of Osage orange. It looks a little phallic but after all it's bathroom. This is a house based on a mudwizer. It doesn't look like a can of beer but the design take off is absolutely unmistakable. The barley hops design worked up in the leaves and then the dental work comes directly off the cans, red light blue and silver. Then these corbels going down underneath the leaves are that little design comes off the can and just put a can on a copier and kept in large until I got the size I want. Then on the can it says this is the famous mudwizer beer we know of, no it's a beer, blah, blah, blah. This is a famous mudwizer house. We don't know about the house and so on. Then there's a dead bowl. It's a fence from the 1930s shape which is very angry woodworking machine and they gave them a fence but they didn't give them a shape. We made a dead bowl out of it. That'll keep bowl elephants. Not long. Sure enough we've had no problems with bowl elephants. The shower is intended to simulate a glass of beer. We've got bubbles going up there and then sides at the top, lumpy tiles. Where do you get lumpy tiles? Well of course you don't. I get a lot of toilets and so you just dispatch a toilet with a hammer and then you have lumpy tiles. Then the faucet there is a beer tap.