 to speak up during the day. But I had flexible hours. I, in the Brooklyn neighborhood that I lived in, Park Slope, there were a lot of writers. It's like a very high per capita ratio of writers to normal people. Meanwhile, I had grown up around a lot of teachers. I'm almost a teacher, my sister became a teacher. And after college, so many of my friends went into teaching. And so I was always hearing them talk about their lives and how inspiring they were. And they were really the sort of the most hard working and constantly inspiring people I knew. But I knew that so many things that they were up against, so many of the struggles that they were dealing with. And one of them was that so many of my friends that were teaching in city schools, were having trouble with their students that were keeping up at grade level on inter-reading and writing in particular. Now, so many of the students that come from households were English and spoken in the home, where a lot of them have different special needs, learning disabilities, and of course, they're working in schools which sometimes are very often underfunded. And so they were talking about this and saying, you know, what we really need is just more people, more bodies, more one-on-one attention, more sort of hours, more expertise from people that have skills in English and could work with these students one-on-one. Now, I would say, well, why don't you just work with them one-on-one and that they would say, well, we have five classes of 30 to 40 students each. This can lead up to 150, 180, 200 students a day. How can we possibly give each student even one hour a week of one-on-one attention? You'd have to greatly multiply the work week and clone the teachers. And so we started talking about this. And at the same time, I thought about this message group of people I knew, writers, editors, journalists, graduate students, assistant professors, you name it. All these people that had sort of flexible daily hours and interest in the English work, I don't have it. And I hope to have an interest in the English language, but I'm not speaking it well right now. I can't be trying. That clock has got me. All right, so, but everybody that I knew had an interest in the, you know, the primacy of the written word in terms of, you know, nurturing and democracy, nurturing and enlightening life. And so, but, and so they had, you know, all these sort of time and their interest, but at the same time, there wasn't a conduit that I knew of in my community to bring these two communities together. So, when I moved back to San Francisco, we rented this building. And the idea was to put McSqueen's, McSqueen is quarterly that we published twice or three times a year, and a few other magazines where we're gonna put that. We're gonna move it into an office for the first time. It used to be in my kitchen in Brooklyn. I'm gonna move it into an office. And we were gonna actually share space with the tutoring center. So we thought we'll have all these writers and editors and editors.