 And the idea there is that outside the spaceship, the universe is impalacably hostile and inside is all we have, all we depend on, and we only get the one chance if we mess up our spaceship, got nowhere else to go. Now the second thing that everyone already knows is that contrary to what was believed for most of human history, human beings are not in fact the hub of existence. As Stephen Hawking famously said, we're just a chemical scum on the surface of a typical planet that's in orbit around a typical star, which is on the outskirts of a typical galaxy and so on. Now the first of those two things that everyone knows is kind of saying that we're at a very untypical place, uniquely suited and so on. And the second one is saying that we're at a typical place and especially if you regard these two as deep truths to live by and to inform your life decisions, then they seem a little bit to conflict with each other. But that doesn't prevent them from both being completely false and they are. Let me start with the second one, typical. Well, is this a typical place? Well, let's look around, you know, looking around in a direction and you see a wall and a chemical scum. And that's not typical of the universe at all. All you've got to do is go a few hundred miles in that same direction and look back and you won't see any walls or chemical scum at all. All you see is it as a planet. If you go further than that, you'll see the sun, the solar system and the stars and so on. That's not still not typical of the universe because stars come in galaxies and and most places in the universe, a typical place in the universe is nowhere near any galaxy. So, so let's go out further till we outside the galaxy and look back and yeah, there's a huge galaxy with spiral arms laid out in front of us. And at this point, we've come a hundred thousand light years from here, but we're still nowhere near a typical place in the universe. To get to a typical place, you've got to go a thousand times as far as that into intergalactic space. And so what does that look like typical what is the typical place in the universe look like well at enormous expense Ted has arranged a high resolution immersion virtual reality rendering of intergalactic space.