 this fateful day and I flipped over right in front of the entire school and that was the finishing post right there. So this was extremely embarrassing but our school at that time got a grant from the government and they got an incredible computer, the research machines 3DZ and they left the programming manuals laying around and so students like myself with nothing to do, we would learn how to program it. Also around this time at home this was the computer that people were buying, it was called the Sinclair ZX-80, this was a 1K computer and you would buy your programs on cassette tape. I'm just going to pause for one second because I heard that there's a prerequisite speak here at TED you had to have a picture of yourself from the old days with big hair so I brought a picture with big hair. I just want to get that out of the way. So after the Sinclair ZX-80, Kim along the very cleverly named Sinclair ZX-81 and you see the picture at the bottom there's a picture of a guy doing homework with his son that's what they thought they built it for. The reality is we got the programming manual and we started making games for it. We were programming in basic which is pretty awful language for games so we ended up learning assembly language so we could really take control of the hardware. This is the guy that invented it, Sir Clive Sinclair and he's showing his machine. You had the same thing in America it was called the Time X Sinclair 1000. To play a game in those days you had to have an imagination to believe that you were really playing battle-start-alactica. The graphics were just horrible. You had to have an even better imagination to play this game Death Rider but of course the scientists couldn't help themselves. They started making their own video games. This is one of my favorite ones here where they have rabbit breeding so males choose the lucky rabbit. It was around this time we went from 1k to 16k which was quite the leap and if you're wondering how much 16k is this eBay logo here is 16k and in that amount of memory someone programmed a full flight simulation program and that's what it looked like. I spent ages flying this flight simulator and I honestly believed I could fly airplanes by the end of it. Here's Clive Sinclair and now launching his color computer. He's recognized as being the father of video games in Europe. He's a multi-millionaire and I think that's why he's smiling in this photograph. So I went on over the next 20 years or so making a lot of different games. Some of the highlights were things like the Terminator Aladdin. The Teenage Mutant Hero Tartles because I was from the United Kingdom. They thought the word ninja was a little too mean for children so they decided to call it hero instead. I personally preferred the Spanish version which was Tartugas ninja. That was much better. Then the last game I did was based on trying to get the video game industry and Hollywood to actually work together on something instead of licensing for each other to actually work. Like Chris did asked me to bring some statistics with me so I've done that. The video game industry in 2005 became a $29 billion business. It grows every year last year was the biggest year. By 2008 we're going to kick the part of the music industry. By 2010 we're going to hit 42 billion.