 I know you all love data, so I'm starting with a data-rich slide. This I think is the most important fact to bear in mind in British politics or American politics, and that is we have run out of money. We have vast budget deficits. This is my global public debt clock, and as you can see it's 32 trillion and counting. And I think what this leads to is a very simple recognition that there's one question in politics at the moment above or other, and it's this one. How do we make things better without spending more money? Because there isn't going to be a lot of money to improve public services or to improve government or to improve so many of the things that politicians talk about. So what follows from that is that if you think it's all about money you can only measure success in public services and health care and education and policing by spending more money you can only measure progress by spending money you're going to have a pretty miserable time. But if you think a whole lot of other things matter that lead up to well-being, things like your family relationships, friendship, community, values, then actually this is an incredibly exciting time to be in politics. And the really simple argument I want to make tonight, the really straightforward argument is this that if we combine the right political philosophy, the right political thinking with the incredible information revolution that has taken place and that all of you know so much more about that idea, I think there's an incredible opportunity to actually remake politics, remake government, remake public services and achieve what's up on that slide which is a big increase in our well-being. That's the argument I want to make tonight. So starting with the political philosophy. Now I'm not saying for a minute that British conservatives have all the answers, of course we know. But there are two things at heart that I think drive a conservative philosophy that are really relevant to this whole debate. But first of this we believe that if you give people more power and control over their lives, if you give people more choice, if you put them in the driving seat, then actually you can create a stronger and better society. And if you marry this fact with the incredible abundance of information that we have in our world today, I think you can complete this, I said, remake politics, remake government, remake your public service. The second thing we believe is we believe in going with the grain of human nature. Politics and politicians will only succeed if they actually try and treat with people as they are rather than as they would like them to be. Now if you combine this very simple, very conservative thought, go with the grain of human nature with all the advances in behavioral economics, some of which we're just hearing back. Again, I think we can achieve a real increase in well-being, in happiness, in a stronger society.