 a lot of reverberation in the rooms, so the rhythms could be pretty intact too, pretty concise. Other places around the country had similar rooms. This is Tutsi's Orchid Lounge and Nashville. The music was in some ways different, but in structure and form, very much the same. The clientele behavior was very much the same too. And so the bands at Tutsi's or at CBGB's had to play loud enough to, the volume had to be loud enough to overcome people falling down, shouting out, and doing whatever else they were doing. Since then, I've played other places that are much nicer. I've played the Disney Hall here, and Carnegie Hall, and places like that. I've been very exciting, but I also noticed that sometimes the music that I had written or was writing at the time didn't sound all that great in some of those halls. We managed, but sometimes those halls didn't seem exactly suited to the music I was making or had made. So I asked myself, do I write stuff for specific rooms? Do I have a place of venue in mind when I write? Is that a kind of model for creativity? Do we all make things with a venue, a context in mind? Okay, Africa? Most of the popular music that we know now has a big part of the Tuts in West Africa. And the music there, I would say the instruments, the interpretive rhythms, the way it's played, the setting, the context, it's all perfect. It all works perfect. The music works perfectly in that setting. There's no big room to create reverberation and confuse the rhythms. The instruments are loud enough that they could be heard without amplification, etc., etc. It's no accident. It's perfect for that particular context, and it would be a mess in a context like this. This is a Gothic cathedral. In a Gothic cathedral, this kind of music is perfect. It doesn't change key. The notes are long. There's almost no rhythm whatsoever. And the room flatters the music. It actually improves. This is the room that Bach wrote some of his music for. This is the organ. It's not as big as a Gothic cathedral, so he can write things or a little bit more intricate. He can very innovatively actually change keys without risking huge distances.