 away from people to visit and view the scene. For a kept the Empire State Building where the Statue of Liberty, there's a new place in New York where the crowds are thick, round zero, taking my stepdaughter here from Indianapolis. This was at a whole new tour of sites in New York City. This was a number one pick. Thousands now line up on lower Broadway. I didn't want to get them down here so soon. Since it's happened. Even on the coldest winter days, too hot and remember. It's reality, it's us that happened here. This is ours. So many of that that see it has become a bit of a problem. I think that people are very frustrated that they're not able to get closer to see what's going on. But that is about to change. In record time, a team of architects and construction workers designed and built a viewing platform to ease the frustration and bring people closer. They'll get an incredible panorama and understand, I think, more completely, the sheer totality of the destruction of the place. If you think about it, ground zero is unlike most any other tour site in America. Unlike the Grand Canyon or the Washington Monument. People come here to see what's no longer there. Most experienced people will have here when they see this is not as a construction site, but as incredibly moving very around. The walls are paired by design so people can fill them with their own memorials. The way they already have along the current perimeter. From our hearts, they're hard. They infected us. This is my, the ramps are made of simple material. The kind of plywood you see at construction sites, which is really the whole point. In the face of America's worst destruction, people are in the UK. Jim Axler at CBS News, New York. This is not an obvious subject to being the sensuality segment. But certainly, David, you are known as, I know a phrase you hate and entertainment architect. You are known, your work is highly sensual, even heathenistic. I like that word. It's about pleasure. You just give me a few. You know, in hotels and restaurants. How did the shock that all of us, and especially all of us in New York fell on the 11th of September, transmute into your desire to do this thing? Well, the truth of the matter is, post-10 or 11th, I felt myself in the role originally, first of all, someone who lives in Tribeca, and whose neighborhood is devastated, and is someone who works less than a mile from there, that I was in the role of forcing 100 people who work with me, my firm, to continue to have the same level enthusiasm about creating