 They are irreducible, they are unique, they are useful, sometimes often a long time after the fact. And you can actually roll some of the pictures now because don't want to look at me on the screen. Truth and beauty are things that are often opaque to people who are not in the sciences. They are things that describe beauty in a way that is often only accessible if you understand the language and the syntax of the person who studies a subject in which truth and beauty is expressed. If you look at the math equals mc squared, if you look at the cosmological constant where there's an anthropic ideal where you see that life had to evolve from the numbers that describe the universe. These are things that are really difficult to understand. And what I've probably to do since I had my training as a medical illustrator since I was taught animation by my father who was a sculptor and my visual mentor, I wanted to figure out a way to help people understand truth and beauty in the biological sciences by using animation, by using pictures, by telling stories so that the things that are not necessarily evident to people can be brought forth and can be taught and can be understood. And students today are often immersed in an environment where what they learn is subjects that have truth and beauty embedded in them, but the way they're taught is compartmentalized and it's drawn down to the point where the truth and beauty are not always evident. It's almost like that at old recipe for chicken soup where you boil the chicken until the flavor is just gone. And we don't want to do that to our students. So we have an opportunity to really open up education. And I had a telephone call from Robert Lou at Harvard in the molecular and cellular biology department a couple of years ago. And he asked me if my team and I would be interested in willing to really change how medical and scientific education is done at Harvard. And so we embarked on a project that would explore the cell, that would explore the truth and beauty inherent in molecular and cellular biology. So that students could understand a larger picture that they could hang all of these facts on, that they could have a mental image of the cell as a large bustling, hugely complicated city that's occupied by micro machines. And these micro machines really are at the heart of life. These micro machines, which are the envy of nanotechnologists, the world over, are self-directed, powerful, precise, accurate devices that are made up