 A polar bear swimming in the Arctic by Paul Nicklin. Polar bears need ice to be able to move back and forth. They're not very good swimmers and we know what's happening to the ice. These are camels moving across the Rift Valley in Africa photographed by Chris Johns. They're not straight down so these are the shadows of camels. This is a rancher in Texas by William Albert Allard, a great portraiture. And Jane Goodall, making her own special connection photographed by Nick Nichols. This is a soap disco in Spain photographed by David Allen Harden. David said that there was a lot of weird stuff happening on the dance floor, but hey, it's at least hygienic. These are sea lions in Australia doing their own dance by David Dubelay. And this is a comic captured by Dr. Ewan Mason. And finally, the ball of the Titanic without movie stars photographed by Emory Christoff. Photography carries a power that holds up under the relentless swirl today's saturated media world. Because photographs emulate the way that our mind freezes a significant moment. Here's an example. Four years ago I was at the beach with my son and he was learning how to swim in relatively soft surf of the Delaware beaches. But I turned away for a moment and he got caught into a rip tide and started to be pulled out towards a jetty. I went, I can stand here right now and see as I go tearing into the water after him, the moment slowing down and freezing into this arrangement, I can see the rocks are over here. There's a wave about to crash onto him. I can see his hands reaching out and I can see his face in terror looking at me saying, help me dad. I got him, the wave broke over us. We got back on shore and he was fine. We were a little bit rattled. But this flash bulb memory, as it's called, is when all the elements came together to define not just the event, but my emotional connection to it. And this is what a photograph taps into when it makes its own powerful connection to a viewer. Now, I have to tell you, I was talking to Kyle last week about this that I was going to tell this story and he said, oh yeah, I remember that too. I remember my image of you was that you were up on the shore yelling at me. I thought I was a hero. So this represents, this is a cross sample of some remarkable images taken from me.