 we have focused on treating the individual gene in understanding cancer, not in controlling cancer. So this is an astounding table and this is something that sobers us in our field every day. In that obviously we've made remarkable impacts on cardiovascular disease. But looking at cancer, the death rate in cancer in over 50 years hasn't changed. We've made small wins and diseases like chronic myelitis leukemia where we have a pill that can put 100% of people in remission. But in general, we have made an impact at all in the war on cancer. So what I'm going to tell you today is a little bit of why I think that's the case and then go out of my comfort zone and tell you where I think it's going, where a new approach that we hope to push forward in terms of treating cancer because this is wrong. So what is cancer first of all? But if one has a mass or an abnormal blood value, go to a doctor, they stick a needle in. The way we make the diagnosis today is by pattern recognition. Does it look normal? Does it look abnormal? So that pathologist is just like looking at this plastic bottle. This is a normal cell. This is a cancer cell. That is the state of the art today in diagnosing cancer. There's no molecular test. There's no sequencing of genes that we've referred to yesterday. There's no fancy looking at the chromosome. This is the state of the art and how we do it. I know very well as a cancer doctor, I can't treat advanced cancer. So as an aside, I firmly believe in the field of trying to identify cancer early. It is the only way you can start to fight cancer is by catching it early. We can prevent most cancers, the previous talk alluded to preventing heart disease. We can do the same in cancer. I co-founded a company called Navagenis, where if you spit into a tube and we can look at 35 or 40 genetic markers for disease, all of which are delayable and many of the cancers used to are to identify what you could get and then we can start to work to prevent them. Because the problem is when you have advanced cancer, we can't do that much today about it as a disease that collute to it. So the thing about cancer is that it's a disease of the agent. Why is it a disease of the agent? Because evolution doesn't care about us after we had our children. To evolution protected us during our child-bearing years and then after age, the five or 40 or 45, it said it doesn't matter anymore because they've had their progeny. So if you look at cancers, it is very rare, extremely rare to have cancer in a child. On the what are thousands of cases a year?