 glow. Now we have the good fortune to open up space. And it is for those in the future to envy us our joy. You're watching snippets from Sputnik, my fifth documentary feature, which is just about completed. It tells the story of Sputnik and the story of what happened to America as a result. For days after the launch Sputnik was a wonderful curiosity. A man made moon visible by ordinary citizens it inspired awe and pride that humans had finally launched an object into space. But just three days later on a day they called Red Monday the media and the politicians told us and we believe that Sputnik was proof that our enemy had beaten us in science and technology and that they could now attack us with hydrogen bombs using their Sputnik rocket as an IBM missile. All help wrote loose. Sputnik quickly became one of the three great shocks to hit America. Historians say the equal of Pearl Harbor or 9-11. It provoked the missile gap. It exploded and arms raised. It began the space race. Within a year Congress funded huge weapons increases and we went from 1200 nuclear weapons to 20,000. The reaction to Sputnik went far beyond weapons increases. For example, some here will remember this day June 1958 the National Civil Defense Drill with tens of millions of people in 78 cities went underground or the Galapal showed that seven and ten Americans believed that a nuclear war would happen and that at least 50% of our population was going to be killed. But Sputnik provoked wonderful changes as well. For example, some in this room went to school on scholarship because of Sputnik. Support for engineering math and science education in general, boomed. And then surfpoints out to Sputnik led directly to Arpa and the internet and of course NASA. My feature documentary shows how a free society can be stampeded by those who know how to use media. But it also shows how we can turn what appears at first to be a bad situation into something that was overall very good for America. Sputnik will soon be released in closing. I'd like to take a moment to thank one of my investors longtime Ted Stewart J Walker and I'd like to thank you all. Thank you Chris.