 It's not enough your software crash my Mac and it constantly hangs and bombs. It erased my roms. Now the Mac makes the sounds of silence. Can my dreams I've had a size? Are you freaking vengeance on you guys? Say your motorcycle crashes. What comes gushing from your gashes? You're fading strength you call 911 and you pray for a trained empty. But you get me and you listen to the sounds of silence. Good evening and welcome to Spot the Ted presenter who used to be a Broadway accompanist. When I was offered the time column six years ago the deal was like this. You will be sent the coolest hottest slickest new gadgets every week at a rive at your door. You get to try them out play with them evaluate them for until the novelty wears back or you have to send back and you'll get paid for it. You can think about it if you want. So I've always been a technology nut. I absolutely love it. The job though came with one small downside and that is they intended to publish my email address at the end of every column. And what I've noticed is first of all you get an incredible amount of email. If you ever are feeling lonely get a New York Times column because you will get hundreds and hundreds of emails. And the email I'm getting a lot today is about frustration. People are feeling like things. I just had an alarm come up on the screen. You can't see it. People are feeling overwhelmed. They're feeling like it's too much technology too fast. It may be good technology but I feel like there's not enough of the support structure. There's not enough help. There's not enough thought put into the design of it to make it easy and enjoyable to use. One time I wrote a column about my efforts to reach Dell technical support. And within 12 hours there were 700 messages from readers on the feedback boards on the Times website from users saying, need to and here's my tail of woe. I call it software rage and man let me tell you whoever figures out how to make money off of this frustration will. Oh, how that get up there. Okay, so why is the problem accelerating? And part of the problem is ironically it's because the industry has put so much thought into making things easier to use. I'll show you what I mean. This is what the computer interface used to look like. DOS. Over the years it's gotten easier to you. This is the original Mac operating system. Reagan was president. Madonna was still a brunette. And the entire operating system. This is the good part. The entire operating system.