 underneath the black cloth and you put it on the conference table and you pull off the black cloth and everybody would ooo and ooo and ooo and that was a really good time. And so we'll continue to focus on products as we always have. But and if you were here last year you probably I probably wrestled to the floor and tried to show you my new iModule 2 which was a camera that plugged into the handspin and I took a lot of pictures last year, a few people knew what I was up to but I took a lot of pictures. And this year maybe you could show the slides and this year we're carrying this trio which we had a lot to do with and helped hands-pring design it. And also though we designed it a few years ago it's just become ubiquitous in the last year or so this hard streamed defibrillator which is saving lives. Maybe you've seen them in the airports. They seem to be everywhere now. Lots of lives are being saved by those. And we're just about to announce the Zineo Reader product that I believe will make magazines even more enjoyable to read. So we really will continue to focus on products but something's happened in the last 18 years since Richard started Ted and that's that people like us, I know people in other places have cut onto this for a long time. For us we really just start to get, we've kind of like climbed Maslow's hierarchy a little bit. And so we're now focused more and more on kind of human centered design, human centeredness in an approach to design. And that really involves designing like behaviors and personality in the products. And I think you're starting to see that and it's making our job even more enjoyable. Interestingly enough we used to primarily build 3D models like we've seen some today and and 3D renderings and we'd go and we'd show those as communicating our ideas. But firms like ours are having to move to a point where we get those objects that we're designing and get them in motion showing how they'll be used. And so in order to do that we've been forming internal video production groups in order to make these kind of experienced prototypes that show just what we need about the kind of man machine relationship and it's a it's a much better way to see it's kind of like you know architects who show people in their houses as opposed to them being empty. So I thought that I would show you a few videos to kind of show off this new broader broader definition of design in products and services and environments. I have a few of them there no more than a minute or a minute and a half piece but I thought you might be interested in seeing some of our work over the last year and how it responds in video. So proud on New York we were asked by Rem Kuhlhaus and OMA to help us conceive