 over the fact that quote his quote. It's the first time he's felt like he's had an arm in 39 years. But that would so to be jumping to the middle of the story. And I'm not going to show you that polished video. I'm going to instead or to show you an early crude video because I think it's a better way to tell a story. A few years ago, I was visited by the guy that runs DARPA, people that fund all the advanced technologies that businesses and universities probably wouldn't take the risk of doing. They have a particular interest in ones that will help us all just. I get this sort of unrequested by me anyway, visit. And sitting in my conference room is a very senior surgeon in the military and the guy that runs DARPA. They proceed to tell me a story, which comes down to basically the following. We have used such advanced technologies now and made them available in the most remote places that we put soldiers, hills of Afghanistan, Iraq. They were quite proud of the fact that before the dust clears, if some soldiers been hurt, they will have collected him or her. They will have brought him back. They will be getting world-class triage emergency care faster than you and I would be getting it if we were hurt in a car accident in the major city of the United States. That's the good news. The bad news is if they've collected this person, and he or she is missing an arm or leg, a lot of the face, it's probably not coming back. So they started giving me the statistics on how many of these kids have lost an arm. And then the surgeon pointed out with a lot of anger. He said, why is it at the end of the Civil War that we're shooting each other with muskets, somebody lost an arm, we gave him a wooden stick with a hook on it. Now we got F-A teams and F-22s, and if somebody loses an arm, we give him a plastic stick with a hook on it. And they basically said, this is unacceptable. And then the punchline. So Dean, we're here because you make medical stuff. You're gonna give us an arm. And I was waiting for the 500 pages of bureaucracy and paperwork and DOD. No, the guy says, we're gonna bring a guy into this conference room. And we're, the arm you're gonna give us, he or she is gonna pick up a raisin or a grape off this table. If it's the grape, they won't break. Great he needs F-A or an Haptic response sensor. If it's the raisin, they won't drop it. So he wants fine motor control. Flex at the wrist, flex at the elbow, have duct and flex at the shoulder. Either way, they're gonna eat it.