 able to know the difference without looking at it. And have fair and half, fair and then have to corresponds. He finishes explaining that I'm waiting for the big 300-pound paper proposal, and he said, that's what I want from you. I said, look, you're nuts. That technology is just not available right now. And it can't be done, not in an envelope of a human arm with 21 degrees of freedom from your shoulder. You think of tips. He said, about 2,000 or these 1,600 kids have come back. By lateral. He thinks it's bad to lose one arm. That's an inconvenience compared to having opened and gone. I got a day job. And my nights and weekends are already filled up with things like, let's just play water to the world and power to the world and educate all the kids, which Chris, like we're not talking about. I don't need another mission. I keep thinking about these kids with no arms. He says to me, we've done some work around the country. We've got some pretty amazing neurology and other people. I said, I'll take a field trip. I'll go see what you've got. Over the next month, I visited lots of places somehow here around the country, found the best of the best. It went down to Washington. So these guys have said, I did what you asked. May I look at what's out there? I still think you're nuts, but not as nuts as I thought. I put a team together, a little over 13 months ago, got up to 20 some odd people. We said, we're going to build a device that does what he wants. We have 14 out of 21 degrees of freedom. You don't need the ones in the glass to fingers. We put this thing together. A couple of weeks ago, we took it down to Walter Reed, unfortunately more in the news these days. We showed her to a bunch of guys. One guy who described himself as being lucky, because he lost his left arm, and he's a righty. He sat in the table with seven or eight of these other guys, said he was lucky, because he had his good arm, and then he pushed himself back from the table. He had no legs. These kids have attitudes that you just can't believe. So I'm going to show you now without the skin on it, of 30 second piece, and then I'm done. But understand what you're looking at, we made small enough to fit on a 50th percentile female, so that we could put it in any of these people. It's going to go inside something that we're using, cat scans and MRIs of whatever is their good arm, to make a silicon rubber and coated and painted in 3D, exact mirror image of their other limb. So you won't see all the really cool stuff that's in this series, a last except of 14 actuators, each one which has its own capability to sense temperature pressure. It'll work.