 California landscape, a hope-as-I view of Mount Fuji, the erosion cavalier, a stunning match-winning goal in a world cup soccer match, Van Gogh's starring-ite, a Jane Austen novel, Fred Astaire dancing across the screen, this brieflist includes Cuban Beams, Natural Landforms, Works of Art, and skilled human actions. An account that explains the presence of beauty in everything on this list is not going to be easy. I can, however, give you at least a taste of what I regard as the most powerful theory of beauty we yet have. And we get it not from a philosopher of art, not from a postmodern art theorist or a big wigart critic, no, this theory comes from an expert on barnacles and worms and pigeonbreeding. And you know who I mean, Charles Darwin. Of course, a lot of people think they already know the proper answer to the question, what is beauty? Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. It's whatever moves you personally. Or as some people, especially academics prefer, beauty is in the culturally conditioned eye of the beholder. People agree that paintings or movies or music are beautiful because their cultures determine a uniformity of aesthetic taste. Tastes for both natural beauty and for the art travel across cultures with great ease. Beethoven is a door in Japan. Peruvians love Japanese woodblock prints. Incust cultures are regarded as treasures in British museums, while Shakespeare is translated into every major language of the earth. Or just think about American jazz or American movies. They go everywhere. There are many differences among the arts, but there are also universal, troscultural, aesthetic pleasures and values. How can we explain this universality? The best answer lies in trying to reconstruct a Darwinian evolutionary history of our artistic and aesthetic tastes. We need to reverse engineer our present artistic tastes and preferences and explain how they came to being graved in our minds. By the actions of both our prehistoric, largely, place to see an environment where we became fully human, but also by the social situations in which we evolved. This reverse engineering can also enlist help from a human record preserved in prehistory. I mean fossils, cave paintings and so forth. And it should take into account what we know of the aesthetic