 that there are these veroamites that have introduced and caught a lot of losses. And we also have this new phenomenon which I talked about last year colony collapse disorder. And here we see a picture on top of a hill in central valley last December. And below you can see all these outyards or temporary yards where the colonies are brought in until February and then they're shipped out to the almonds. And one documentary writer who was here and looked at this two months after I was here described this not as beehives but as a graveyard with these empty white boxes with no bees left in them. Now I'm going to sum up a year's worth of work in two sentences to say that we have been trying to figure out what the cause of this is. And what we know is that it's as if the bees have caught a flu. And this flu has wiped through the population of bees. In some cases and in fact in most cases in one year this flu was caused by a new virus to us or newly identified by us called Israeli acute paralysis virus. It was called that because a guy in Israel first found it and he now regrets profoundly calling it that disease because of course there's the implication but we think this virus is pretty ubiquitous. It's also pretty clear that the bees sometimes catch other viruses or other flu. And so the question we're still struggling with and the question that keeps us up at night is why have the bees suddenly become so susceptible to this flu? And why are they so susceptible to these other diseases? And we don't have the answer to that yet and we spend a lot of time trying to figure that out. We think perhaps it's a combination of factors we know from the work of a very large and dynamic working team that you know we're finding a lot of different pesticides in the hive and surprisingly sometimes the healthiest hives on the most pesticides and so we've discovered all these very strange things that we can't begin to understand and so this opens up the whole idea of looking at colony health. Now of course if you lose a lot of colonies beekeepers can replace them very quickly and that's why we've been able to recover from a lot of loss. If we lost one in every three cows in this in in the winter you know the National Guard would be out but what beekeepers can do is if they have one surviving colony they can split that colony in two and then the one half it doesn't have a queen they can buy a queen it comes in the mail it can come from Australia or Hawaii or Florida and you can introduce that queen and in fact America was the first country that ever did mail delivery queens and in fact it's part of the postal code that that you have to deliver queens by mail in order to make sure that we have enough bees in this country. If you don't just want a queen you can buy actually a three pound package of bees which comes in the mail and of course the postal office is always very concerned when they get you know your three pound packages of bees and you can install