 He went around trice. But his brother, Ganesha, simply walked around his parents once twice price and said, I won. How come said Kartikaya? And Ganesha said, you went around the world. I went around my world. What matters more? If you understand the difference between the world and my world, you understand the difference between logos and mythos. The world is objective, logical, universal, factual, scientific. My world is subjective. It's emotional. It's personal. It's perceptions, thoughts, feelings, dreams. It is the belief system that we carry. It's the myth that we live in. The world tells us how the world functions. How the sun rises. How we are born. My world tells us why the sun rises. Why were we born? Every culture is trying to understand itself. Why do we exist? And every culture comes up with its own understanding of life. Its own customized version of mythology. Culture is a reaction to nature. And this understanding of our ancestors is transmitted generation from generation in the form of stories, symbols and rituals, which are always indifferent to rationality. And so when you study it, you realize that different people of the world have a different understanding of the world. Different people see things differently, different viewpoints. There is my world and there is your world. And my world is always better than your world. Because my world you see is rational and yours is superstition, yours is faith, yours is illogical. This is the root of the clash of civilizations. It took place once in 326 BC on the banks of a river called the Indus, now in Pakistan. This river lends itself to India's name, India, Indus. Alexander, a young Macedonian, met there what he called a Jimno-Sophist, which means the naked wise man. We don't know who he was. Perhaps he was a giant monk. Like Bahubali over here, the Gomathe Shura Bahubali, his image is not far from my soul. Or perhaps he was just a yogi who was sitting on a rock staring at the sky and the sun and the moon. Alexander asked, what are you doing? And the Jimno-Sophist answer, I'm experiencing nothingness.