 and technological revulsion, which many call the Copernican Revolution. Now, that was ironically and very befittingly the way we found his grave. As it was the custom of the time, Copernicus was actually simply buried in an unmarked grave, together with 14 others in that cathedral. DNA analysis, one of the hallmarks of the scientific revulsion of the last 400 years that he started, was the way we found which set of bones actually belonged to the person who read all those astronomical books, which were filled with leftover hair, that was Copernicus hair, obviously not many other people bothered to read these books later on. That match was unambiguous with DNA match and we know that this was in these Nicholas Copernicus. Now, the connection between biology and DNA and life is very tantawizing when you talk about Copernicus because even back then his followers very quickly made the logical step to us. If the earth is just a planet, then what about planets around other stars? What about the idea of the plurality of the worlds? About life on other planets? In fact, I'm borrowing here from one of those very popular books at the time. And at the time, people actually answered that question positively, yes. But there was no evidence. And here begin 400 years of frustration, of unfulfilled dreams, the dreams of Galileo, Giordano Bruno, many others which never led to the answer of those very basic questions which humanity has asked all the time. What is life? What is the origin of life? Are we alone? And that has actually happened in the last 10 years, at the end of the 20th century, when the beautiful developments due to molecular biology and the standing the code of life DNA, all of that seemed to actually put us not closer but further apart from answering those basic questions. Now the good news, a lot has happened in the last few years and let's start with the planets. Let's start with the old Copernican questions, are there earth around other stars? And as we already heard, there is a way in which we are trying and now able to answer that question. It's a new telescope, our team befittingly I think named it after one of those dreamers of the Copernican time, Johannes Kepler. And that telescope's sole purpose is to go out, find the planets that orbit other stars in our galaxy and tell us how often do planets like our owners happen to be out there.