 So since I tell stories, let me look back on the lives of two of the presidents I've studied to illustrate this point Abraham Lincoln and Lyndon Johnson. As for that first spear of work, I think what Abraham Lincoln's life suggests is that Theor's ambition is a good thing. He had a huge ambition, but it wasn't simply for office, for power, or celebrity or fame. What it was for is to accomplish something worthy enough in life so that he could make the world a little better place for his having lived in it. Even as a child it seemed Lincoln dreamed heroic dreams. He somehow had to escape that hard-scravele farm from which he was born. No schooling was possible for him except a few weeks here or a few weeks there, but he read books in every spare moment he could find. It was said when he got a copy of the King James Bible or A. Stop's Fables, he was so excited he couldn't sleep, he couldn't eat. The great poet Emily Dickinson once said, there is no frigate like a book to take us lands away, how true for Lincoln. Though he never would travel to Europe, he went with Shakespeare's kings to marry England, he went with Lord Byron's poetry to Spain and Portugal. Literature allowed him to transcend his surroundings. But there were so many losses in his early life that he was haunted by death. His mother died when he was only nine years old, his only sister Sarah in childbirth a few years later, and his first love and relapse at the age of twenty-two. Moreover when his mother lay dying she did not hold out for him the hope that they would meet in an after world. She simply said to him, Abraham, I'm going away from you now and I shall never return. As a result he became obsessed with the thought that when we die our life is swept away, dust to dust. But only as he grew older did he develop a certain consolation from an ancient Greek notion but followed by other cultures as well. That if you could accomplish something worthy in your life, you could live on in the memory of others, your honor and your reputation would outlive your earthly existence. And that worthy ambition became his load star. It carried him through the one significant depression that he suffered when he was in his early 30s, three things had combined to lay him low. He had broken his engagement with Mary Todd, not certain he was ready to marry her but knowing how devastating it was to her that he did that. His one intimate friend Joshua Speed was leaving Illinois to go back to Kentucky because Speed's father had died. And his political career in the state legislature was on a downward slide. He was so depressed that friends worried he was suicidal. They took all knives and razors and scissors from his room. And his great friend Speed went to his side and said, Lincoln, you must rally or you will die. He said then I would just as soon die right now but I've not yet done anything to make any human being remember that I have lived. So fueled by that ambition, he returned to the state legislature. He eventually won a seat in Congress. He then ran twice for the Senate, lost twice. Everyone is broken by life, Ernest Hemingway once said, but some people are stronger in the broken places.