 I don't think about this though is that you know why am I showing it? Is it because Charles and Ray made this film? This is actually a training film for Clown College that they had. They also practiced a clown act when the future of furniture was not nearly as auspicious as it turned out to be. There's a picture of Charles, so let's watch the next clip. The film we're about to see is a film that they made for the Moscow World's Fair. This is the land. It has many contrasts with its rough and of the splat. In places it is cold and some it is hot. Too much rain falls on some areas and not enough on others. But people live on this land and as in Russia they are drawn together into towns and cities. Here is something of the way they live. Now this is a film that was hardly ever seen in the United States and it's a seven screens and it was like 200 feet across. It was at the height of the Cold War. The Nixon cruise jet kitchen debate happened about 50 feet from where this was shown. And yet how did it start? Commonality. The first line in Charles and narration was the same stars that shine down on Russia, shine down in the United States. From the sky our cities look much the same. That human connection that Charles and Ray always found and everything. And you can imagine, and the thing about it is that they believe that the human mind can handle this number of images. That important thing was to get to the gestalt of what the images were about. So that was just a little sniff. But the thing about Charles and Ray is that they were always modeling stuff. They always trying things out. I think one of the things I am passionate about my grandparents work, passionate about my work, but on top of all that I am passionate about a holistic vision of design, where design is the life skill, not a professional skill. And you know those of us with kids often want our kids to take music. And they are not going to accept it. But it is not about becoming a grown-up or a Tracy Chaplin. It is about getting that music thing going through their heads and thinking. Design is the same way. Design has to become that same way. This is a model they did of that seven screen presentation. And Charles is checking out there. So now we are going to go through that door of furniture. This is an unusual installation of airports seating. So what we are going to see is some of the icons of the game's furniture. And the thing about the furniture is that literally the role of the designer is that of a good host anticipating the needs of the guest. So those are cool images, but these are ones I think are really cool. These are all the prototypes. These are the mistakes. Although I don't think mistakes is the right word in design. It is just the things you try out to kind of make it work better.