 vendors in the disposable plastics category. This is a material you all know is styrofoam, but I like to think of it as toxic white stuff. In a single cubic foot of this material, a bout word come around your computer or large television. You have the same energy content of about a liter and a half of petrol. Yet after just a few weeks of use, you'll throw this material in the trash. And this isn't just found in packaging. Twenty billion dollars of this material is produced every year and everything from building materials to surfboards to copy cups to table tops. And that's not the only place it's found. The EPA estimates in the United States by volume this material occupies 25% of our landfills. Even worse, is when it finds swaned-war natural environment on the side of the road or next to a river. If it's not picked up by a human, you know, it'll stay there for thousands and thousands of years. Perhaps even worse, is when it finds swaned to our oceans. Like in the great plastic jire, where these materials are being mechanically broken to smaller and smaller bits, but they're not really going away. They're not biologically compatible. They're basically fouling up for its respiratory and circulatory systems. And because these materials are so prolific, because they're found in so many places, there's one other place you'll find this material, styrene, which is made from benzene, a known carcinogen. You'll find it inside of you. So for all these reasons, I think we need better materials. And there are three key principles we can use to guide these materials. The first is feedstocks. Today we use a single feedstock petroleum to heat our homes, power our cars, and make most of the materials you see around you. We recognize this as a finite resource, and it's simply crazy to do this. You put a liter and a half petrol in the trash every time you get a package. Second of all, we should really strive to use far less energy in creating these materials. I say far less because 10% isn't going to cut it. We should be talking about half quarter, one tenth of the energy content. And lastly, and I think perhaps most importantly, we should be creating materials that fit into what I call nature's recycling system. This recycling system has been in place for the last billion years. I fit into it, you fit into it, and a hundred years tops. My body can return to the earth with no pre-processing. Get that packaging I got in the mail yesterday is going to last for thousands of years, right? This is crazy. Nature provides this with a really good model here. When a tree's done using its leaves, its solar collectors, these amazing molecular proton capturing devices at the end of the season, it doesn't half them up, take them to the leaf pre-processing center, and have them melted down to four new leaves. It just drops them. The shortest distance possible to the forest floor, where they're actually upcycled into next year's top soil. And this gets us back to the mushrooms. Because in nature, mushrooms are the recycling system. And what we've discovered is that by using a part of the mushroom, you've probably never seen analogous to its root structure, it's called an auxilium. We can actually grow materials with many of the same properties of conventional synthetics.