 So I really had a chance to experience that. I could never really understand exactly what it was or how it was informing me. But what I think it was telling me is that we are this transient thing that's happening and that the nature that you see out there, the untouched shorelines, the untouched forest that I was able to see, really bringing a sense of that geological time, that this has gone on for a long time and we're experiencing in a different way. And that, to me, was a reference point that I think I needed to have to be able to make the work that I did. And I did this picture of grasses coming through in the spring along the roadside, in this rebirth of grass. And then I went out for years trying to photograph the Pistune landscape. But as a fine art photographer, I somehow felt that it wouldn't catch on out there. That's, there would be a problem with trying to make this as a fine art career. And I kept being sucked into this genre of the calendar picture or something of that nature. And I couldn't get away from it. So I started to think of how can I rethink the landscape? So I decided to rethink the landscape as the landscape that we've transformed. I had a bit of a piphony being lost in Pennsylvania. And I took a left turn trying to get back to the highway and ended up in the town called Fracto. And I got out of the car and I stood up and it was a cool mining town. And I did a 360 turn around. And that became one of the most surreal landscapes I've ever seen, totally transformed by man. And that got me to go and look at mines like this, and go and look at the largest industrial incursions in the landscape that I could find. And that became the baseline of what I was doing. And it also became the theme that I felt that I could hold on to and not have to reinvent myself. That this theme was large enough to become a life's work, to become something that I could sink my teeth into and just research and find out where these industries are. And I think one of the things I also wanted to say in my thanks, which I kind of miss, was to thank all the corporations who helped me get in because it took negotiation for almost everyone of these photographs to get into that place, make those photographs. And if it wasn't for those people letting me in at the heads of those corporations, I would have never made this body of work. So in that respect, to me, I'm not against the corporation. I own a corporation. I work with them. And I feel that we all need them and they're important. But I am also for sustainability. So there's this thing that is pulling me in both directions. And I'm not making an indictment towards what's happening here, but it is a slow progression. So I started thinking, well, we lived in all these ages of man, the stone age and iron age and the stone age.