 The net is keeping on telling itself extremely closely where hardly any gene difference, very, very closely related. And yet when you look at the female types, there's a chim, there's a man. This is certainly a different, no resemblance at all. I'm not talking about every fairy's, just about cultural psychology of behaviour. I'm talking about ground-based, nitty gritty, measurable physical differences. There, that one is hairy walking on four legs. That one is a naked bipen. Why? I mean, then if I'm a good Darwinist, I've got to believe that the reasons for that, if we change so much, something must be happened. What happened? Now 50 years ago, that was a last or blissful question. Everybody knew the answer, they knew what happened. The answer to the age stayed in the trees. Our answer to went out onto the plane. That's explained everything. We had to get up on our legs to peered over the tall grass, or to chase after animals, or to free our hands for weapons. And we had got so overheated in the chase that we had to take off that fur coat and throw it away. Everybody knew that, for generations, but then in the 1970s, something began to unravel. The paleontologists themselves looked a bit more closely at the accompanying microthonal that lived in the same time and place as the hominids. And they weren't savanna species. And they looked at the herbivores and they weren't savanna herbivores. And then they were so clever, they found a way to analyse fossilised pollen. Shock horror. The fossilised pollen was not of savanna vegetation. Some of it even came from Liana's, which was in the dandelion in the middle of the jungle. So we left the situation where we know that our earliest ancestors were running around on four legs in the trees before the savanna ecosystem even came into existence. This is not something I've made up. It's not a minority theory. Everybody agrees with it. Professor Tobias came over from South Africa and spoke to University Corridor's London. He said, everything I'd been telling you for the last 20 years, forget about it. It was wrong. We got to go back to square one and start again. It made him very unpopular, didn't want to go back to square one. I mean, it's a terrible thing to have. You've got this beautiful paradigm. You've believed that some generations nobody has questioned it. You've been constructing fanciiful things on top of it, relying on...