 in Ankara that was a bit unusual. Our neighborhood was full of large families where fathers were the heads of households. So I grew up seeing my mother at a divorce sea in a patriarchal environment. In fact, I grew up observing two different kinds of women. On the one hand was my mother, a well-educated, secular, modern, westernized, Turkish woman. On the other hand was my grandmother, who also took care of me, and was more spiritual, less educated, and definitely less rational. This was a woman who read coffee grounds to see the future and melted lead into mysterious shapes to fend off the evil eye. Many people visited my grandmother, people who severe acne on their faces, or warts on their hands. Each time my grandmother would utter some words in Arabic, take a red apple and stab it with as many rose horns as the number of warts she wanted to remove. Then one by one, she would encircle these horns with dark ink. A week later, the patient would come back for a follow-up examination. Now, I'm aware that I should not be saying such things in front of an audience of scholars and scientists. But the truth is, all the people who visited my grandmother for their skin conditions, I did not see anyone go back unhappy or unhealed. I asked her how she did this, was it the power of praying? In this one, she said, yes, praying is effective, but also beware of the power of circles. From her I learned, amongst many other things, one very precious lesson, that if you want to destroy something in this life, be it an acne, a blemish, or the human soul, all you need to do is to surround it with thick walls. It will dry up inside. Now, we all live in some kind of a social and cultural circle. We all do. We're born into a certain family nation class, but if we have no connection whatsoever, with the worlds beyond the one we take for granted, then we too, run the risk of drying up inside. Our imagination might shrink, our hearts might dwindle, and our humans might wither, if we stay for too long inside our cultural cocoons. Our friends, neighbors, colleagues, family, if all the people in our inner circle resemble us, it means we are surrendered with our mirror image. Now, one other thing women like my grandma to inter here is to cover mirrors with velvet, or to hang them on the walls with their backs facing out. It's an all-distant tradition based on the knowledge that is not healthy for a human being, to spend too much time staring at his own reflection. Ironically, communities of the like minded is one of the greatest dangers of today's globalized world, and it's happening everywhere, among liberals and conservatives, agnostics and believers, the rich and the poor, east and west alike. We tend to form clusters based on similarity, and then we produce stereotypes about other clusters.