 actually a tremendous opportunity to take our least sustainable landscapes right now and convert them into more sustainable places. And in the process, what that allows us to do is to redirect a lot more of our growth back into existing communities that could use a boost and have the infrastructure in place instead of continuing to tear down trees and tear up the green space out of the edges. So why is this important? I think there are any number of reasons and I'm just going to not get into detail but mention a few. Just from the perspective of climate change, the average urban dweller in the US has about one third the carbon footprint of the average suburban dweller. Mostly because of urbanites drive a lot more and living in detached buildings you have that much more exterior surface to leak energy out of. So strictly from a climate change perspective on the cities are already relatively green. The big opportunity to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is actually in urbanizing the suburbs. All that driving that we've been doing out in the suburbs, we have doubled the amount of miles we drive. It's increased our dependence on foreign oil despite the gains and fuel efficiency. We're just driving so much more. We haven't been able to keep up technologically. Public health is another reason to consider retrofitting. Researchers at the CDC and other places have increasingly been linking suburban development patterns with sedentary lifestyles. Those have been linked then with the rather alarming growing rates of obesity shown in these maps here. That obesity has also been triggering great increases in heart disease and diabetes. To the point where today a child born today has a one in three chance of developing diabetes and that rate has been escalating at the same rate as children not walking to school anymore again because of our development patterns. And then there's finally there's the affordability question. I mean how affordable is it to continue to live in suburbia with rising gas prices? Suburban expansion to cheap land for the last 50 years, you know, the cheap land out on the edge has helped generations of families enjoy the American dream. But increasingly the savings promised by drive-to-you-qualify affordability, which is basically our model, those savings are wiped out when you consider the transportation costs. For instance here in Atlanta about half of households make between 20,000 and 50,000 a year and they are spending 29% of