 So they try to replicate Uganda and use behavior change to encourage people and decrease the epidemic. So today I'm going to talk about some things that you might not know about the epidemic. And I'm actually also going to challenge some of these things that you think that you think about. And to do that, I'm going to talk about my research as an economist on the epidemic. And I'm not really going to talk much about the economy. I'm not going to tell you about exports and prices. But I'm going to use tools and ideas that are familiar to economists because think about a problem that's more traditionally part of public health and epidemiology. And I think in that sense, this fits really nicely with this lateral thinking idea. Here, I'm really using the tools of one academic discipline to think about problems with another. So I think first and foremost, AIDS is a policy issue. And probably for most people in this room, that's how you think about it. But this talk is going to be about understanding facts about the epidemic. It's going to be about thinking about how it evolves and how people respond to it. I think it may seem like I'm ignoring the policy stuff, which is really the most important. But I'm hoping that at the end of this talk, you will conclude that we actually cannot develop effective policy unless we really understand how the epidemic works. The first thing that I want to talk about, the first thing I think we need to understand is how do people respond to that? So AIDS is actually transmitted infection and it kills. So this means in a place with a lot of AIDS, there's a really significant cost in sex. So if you're an uninfected man living in Botswana where the HIV rate is 30%, if you have one more partner this year, a long-term partner, girlfriend, mistress, your chance of dying in 10 years increases by 3% at once. That is a huge effect. And so I think that we really feel like men people should have less sex. And in fact, among gay men in the US, we did see that kind of change in the 1980s. So if we look in this particularly high-risk sample and they're being asked, did you have more than one unprotected sexual partner in the last two months? And over a period from 84 to 88, that share drops from about 85% to 55% to huge change, very short period of time. We didn't say anything like that in Africa. So we don't have quite as good data, but you can see here the share of single men having pre-marital sex or married men having extra marital sex and how that changes from the early 90s to late 90s to early 2000s. The epidemic is getting worse. People are learning more things about it. We see almost no change in sexual behavior. These are tiny decreases, 2% of which is not significant. This seems puzzling, but I'm going to argue you shouldn't be surprised by this. And that to understand this, you need to think about health with an economist as an investment. To be your software engineer and you're trying to think about whether to add some new functionality to your program, it's important to think about how much it costs. It's also important to think about what the benefits. And one part of that benefit is how much longer you think this program is going to be active. A version 10 is coming out next week. There's no point in adding more functionality to version 9. Your health decisions are the same. Every time you have a carrot instead of a cookie, every time you go to the gym instead of going to the movies, that's a costly investment in your health. But how much you want to invest is going to depend on you.