 And I'm doing it for a young man who want to create a change. And there's nowhere to project his voice because he can't write. But there's no internet like Facebook, MySpace, YouTube for them to talk. Also one thing that kept me pushing this story, this painful story is that the dreams I have sometimes is like the voices of the dead that I've seen would tell me don't give up, keep on going because sometimes I feel like stopping and not doing it because I didn't know what I was putting myself to. Well, I was born in the most difficult time when my country was at war. I saw my village burn down, the world that made a lot of me, so it vanished in my face. I saw my antirave when I was only five. My mother was claimed by the war, my brothers and sisters was scattered and up to now me and my father were detached and I stayed habitied. Seeing people die every day, my mother crying, it's like I was raised in a violence. And that made me call myself a mowarcher. And not only that when I was a, I became a child soul. I didn't know what was the war for. But one thing I knew was an image that I saw that stuck in my head. When I went to the training, I said I want to kill as many Muslims and as many Arabs as possible. The training wasn't easy but that was the driving force because I wanted to revenge for my family. I wanted to revenge for my villains. Luckily now, things have changed because I came to discover the truth. What was actually killing us wasn't the Muslims or the Arabs. It was somebody sitting somewhere manipulating the system and using religion to get what they want to get out of us, which is the oil, the dye, the gold and the land. And so realizing the truth gave me a position to choose, should I continue to hate America? So I happened to forgive. Now I said music with the Muslims. I danced with them. I even had a movie called Watch Hell funded by Muslim people. So that pain has gone out. But my story is you so I'm just going to go into a different step now. Which is easier for me.