 a virgin coral reef with lots of coral, sharks, crocodiles, manatees, groupers, turtles, etc. So probably what Joe would see would be in this part in the greenish part of the picture. Here we have the extreme with dead corals, microbial soup and jellicage and where the diver is now this is probably where most of the risk of the world are now with very few corals. I'll see if we're growing the corals lots of bacteria and where the large animals are gone. And this is what most marine scientists have seen too. This is their baseline. This is what they think is natural because we started modern science with scuba diving long after we started degrading marine systems. So I'm going to get us all on a time machine and we're going to go to the left. We're going to go back to the past to see what the ocean was like. And let's start with this time machine, the line islands, where we have conducted the series of national graphic expeditions. This is an archipelago belonging to Kidi by that spends across the equator and it has several uninhabited and fished fishing islands and a few uninhabited islands. So let's start with the first one, Christmas Island, over 5,000 people. Most of the reefs are dead, most of the coral are dead or grown by algae. And most of the fishes are smaller than the pencils that we use to come in. We did 250 hours of diving here in 2005. We didn't see a single shark. This is the place that Captain Cook discovered in 1777 and he described huge abundance of sharks biting the rudders and the ors of their small boats where they were going ashore. Let's move the dial a little bit to the past. Funny Island, from 500 people, the corals are doing better here. Lots of small fish. This is what many divers would consider paradise. This is what you can see in most of the Florida Keys natural marine sanctuary. And many people think this is really beautiful, if this is your baseline. If we go back to a place like Palmarraato where I was with Jeremy Jackson a few years ago, the corals are doing better and there are sharks. You can see sharks in every single line and this is something that is very unusual in today's coral reef. But then if we shift the dial 200-500 years back, then we get to the places where the corals are absolutely healthy in the world of forming spectacular structures and where the predators are the most conspicuous where you see between 725 and 50 sharks per day. What have we learned from these places? This is what we thought was natural. This is what we call the biomass. If we get all of the fishes of a coral reef to get and weigh them, this is what we would expect. Most of the biomass is low in the food chain, the herbivores, the hardwood fish, surging fishes, that ideology. Then the plant conceitors, this little damsel fish that did the little animals floating in the water. And then we have a lower biomass of carnivores and a lower biomass of top