 on their kitchen table and says, I'm old, I'm frail. It's surreptitious technology that's helping to do a simple task of taking the right pill at the right time. Now, we also do some pretty amazing things with these phones because that moment when you answer the phone is a cognitive test every time you do it. Think about it. All right? I'm going to answer the phone three different times. Hello? Hey. All right? It's the first time. Hello? Hey. Hello? Who? Oh, hey. All right? Very big differences between the way I answer the phone the three times. And as we monitor phone usage by seniors over a long period of time, down the tenths of a microsecond, that recognition moment of whether they can figure out that person on the other friend is a friend and we start talking to him immediately, but they do a lot of what's called trouble talk, wait, who is this? Oh, right? Waiting for that recognition moment may be the best early indicator of the onset of dementia than anything that shows up clinically today. We call this behavioral markers. There's lots of others. There's the person going to the phone as quickly when it rings as they used to as the hearing problemers, the physicality problem. Has their voice gotten more quiet? We're doing a lot of work with people with Alzheimer's and particularly with Parkinson's where that quiet voice that sometimes shows up with Parkinson's patients may be the best early indicator of Parkinson's five to 10 years before it shows up clinically, but those subtle changes in your voice over a long period of time are hard for you or your spouse to notice until it becomes so extreme and your voice has become so quiet. So sensors that are looking at that kind of voice. When you pick up the phone, how much trimmer are you having and what is that like and what is that trend like over a period of time? Are you having more trouble dialing the phone than you used to as the dexterity problem is the onset of arthritis? Are you using the phone or are you socializing less than you used to and looking at that pattern? What does that decline in social health mean as kind of a vital sign in the future? And then wow, what a radical idea. We, except the United States, might be able to use this new fangle technology to actually interact with nurse or a doctor on the other end of the line. Wow, what great day that will be once we're allowed to actually do those kinds of things. So these are what I would call behavioral markers. And it's the whole field that we've been trying to work on for the last 10 years at Intel. How do you put simple disruptive technologies in the first five phrases that I'm going to talk about and this talk behavioral markers matter? How do we change behavior? How do we measure changes in behavior in a meaningful way that's going to help us with prevention of disease, early onset of disease, and tracking the progression of disease over a period of time? Now why would Intel let me spend a lot of time in money over the last 10 years trying to understand the needs of the seniors and start thinking about these kinds of behavioral markers? And this is some of the field work that we've done. We have now lived with a thousand of them.