 Well, here's a short experiment for you. Imagine you have a few million dollars that you've raised. Maybe you have a politician in developing countries and you have a budget to spend. You want to spend it on the poor. How do you go about it? Do you believe the people who tell you that all we need to do is to spend money? That we know how to eradicate poverty. We just need to do more. Do you believe the people who tell you that aid is not going to help on the country it might hurt? It might exacerbate corruption, dependence, etc. Maybe you turn to the past after all we have spent billions of dollars on aid. Maybe you look at the past and see that has it done any good? And sadly we don't know. And worst of all, we will never know. And the reason is that, take Africa for example. Africa has only got a lot of aid, so the blue bars. And the GDP and Africa is not making much progress. It's fine. How do you know what would have happened without the aid? Maybe it would have been much worse. Or maybe it would have been much better. No idea. We don't know what the counterfactual is. It's only one athlete. So what do you do? Do you have the aid and hope and trade that something comes out of it? Or do you focus on your everyday lives and let the earthquake every aid is continuing to happen? The thing is, if we don't know whether we are doing any good, we are not any better than the medieval doctor of the Nalice. Sometimes the patient gets better, sometimes the patient dies. Is it the leaches? Is it something else? We don't know. So here are some other questions. They are smaller questions, but they are not that smooth. Immunization. That's the cheapest way to save a child's life. And the one has spent a lot of money on it. The Gavi and the Gates Foundation have been splitting a lot of money towards it and developing countries themselves have been doing a lot of effort. And yet, every year, at least 25 million children do not get the immunization they should get. So this is what we call a last mile problem. The technology is there. The infrastructure is there, and yet it doesn't happen. So you have your million. How do you use your million to solve this last mile problem? And here's another question. Malaya. Malaya kills almost 900,000 people every year. Most of them in South-South Africa, most of them under five. In fact, that is the leading code of under five models. We already know how to cure Malaya. But some people come to you and say, you have your millions over bed nets. Bed nets are very cheap. For $10, you can manufacture and cheap and insecticide treated bed nets. And you can teach someone to use them. And not only is it protected the people who sleep under them, but they have these great components.