 friends were more than ready to help. They explained that the Galval bird is a rare and endangered parrot that's in terrible, terrible danger. And if I, I'll let them tell you a bit more about that. When that golden, a very rare kind of bird, native to Brazil, every year, or when 300,000 Dalton birds are killed during Parnable Parade. Obviously, this is a tragic situation. It actually gets worse. It turns out that not only is the Galvan parrot very attractive, useful for head dresses, it evidently has certain hallucinogenic properties, which means that there's a terrible problem with Galvan abuse. Some sick and twisted people have found themselves snorting Galvan, and it's terribly endangered. The good news about this is that the global community, again, my Brazilian friends tell me, is pitching in to help out. It turns out that Lady Gaga has released a new single, actually five or six new singles, Neurocycans, Hell, title, Calabocca Galvau, and my Brazilian friends tell me that if I just tweet the phrase, Calabocca Galvau, ten cents will be given to a global campaign to save this rare and beautiful bird. Now, most of you have figured out that this was a prank, and it actually a very, very good one. Calabocca Galvau actually means something very different. In Portuguese, it means shut your mouth, and it specifically refers to this guy, Galvau Bueno, who's the lead soccer commentator for Reddit, Globo. And what I understand from my Brazilian friends is that this guy is just a cliche machine. He can ruin the most interesting match by just spouting cliche again and again and again. So, Brazilians went to that first match against North Korea, put up this banner, started a Twitter campaign, and tried to convince the rest of us to tweet the phrase, Palabocca Galvau, and in fact, we're so successful at this that it topped Twitter for two weeks. Now, there's a couple of lessons that you can take from this, and the first lesson, which I think is a worthwhile one, is that you cannot go wrong asking people to be active online, so long as activism just means retweeting a phrase. So as long as activism is that simple, it's pretty easy to get away. The other thing you can take from this, by the way, is that there are a lot of Brazilians on Twitter. There's more than five million of them, as far as national representation, 11% of Brazilian internet users around Twitter. That's a much higher number than in the US, to the UK. Next to Japan, it's the second most represented by population. Now, if you're using Twitter or other social networks, and you didn't realize this was a space with a lot of Brazilians in it, you're like most of us. Because what happens on a social network is you interact with the people that you have chosen to interact with. And if you were like me a big geeky white American guy, you tend to interact with a lot of other geeky white American guys, and you don't necessarily have the sense that Twitter is in fact a very heavily Brazilians space. It's also, extremely surprising to many Americans, a heavily African American space. Twitter recently did some research