 Famine, corruption, more, genocide, AIDS, slavery, it's enough. We've all heard these things, but this is about Africa, the story we have not heard. The stories that we want to know and the stories that do exist about positive tales. The part of my talk is going to be about investment opportunities that exist on this country to separate the rhetoric from the reality, the facts from the fiction. To go to the actual data and statistics that exist about the actual things that are happening on the ground that make Africa a realistic investment opportunity and option for you. So let's get going because Africa, to some degree, is on a turnaround. A turnaround in terms of how it manages its image and how it takes control of its own destiny. And turnaround is a parting parcel of what I have focused on for most of my professional career. And it all started about almost a decade ago as a young consultant at McKinsey and Company at their first African office in Johannesburg. Today we worked with leading CEOs on African issues and African companies on turnarounds, making their companies not just the best in Africa but the best globally. But I really formalized this focus on turnarounds when I was completing my MBA in the United States. And it all began with a fantastic phone call. It was from Roosevelt, Moskanta, Harvard Business Group Guru and Professor of mine. And she said, I want to write a case, even, a case on a public sector leader that has lessons for the corporate world. And the leader that came to mind was Nelson Mandela. Because Nelson Mandela, as he took over power as the first democratic elected president of South Africa, faced the situation of a country that could have slid into the abyss of chaos. But he started the country on a part of a positive cycle. Now the case, Nelson Mandela, changed leader, became part of the research base for a chapter in Roosevelt's new book called Confidence. And Confidence became a New York Times bestseller and topped Business Week's Hardcover bestseller list. And why I tell you the story is because later when I was interviewed on SAP Africa, the Pan-African Broadcast, they asked, what is your key lesson or the key thing you enjoy the most? Because it was a huge privilege to be part of such a project. The lesson from that was that it was Africa, an African story that was used to share news with the rest of the world of what the benchmark can be for corporate turner arms. Africa was being used as a success story. So I want to share with you a positive message.