 You'll get sick, people leave us, people change us. Nothing is secure. And that's actually the good news. This is, of course, unless your whole life is about being secure. I think that when that is the focus of your life, these are the things that happen. You can't travel very far or venture too far outside a certain circle. You can't allow too many conflicting ideas into your mind or one time as they might confuse you or challenge you. You can't open yourself to new experiences, new people, new ways of doing things they might take you off course. You can't not know who you are, so you cling to hard matter identity. You become a Christian, Muslim, Jew, you're an Indian, Egyptian, Italian, American, you're a heterosexual or a homosexual or you never have sex, or at least that's what you say when you identify yourself. You become part of an us in order to be secure, you defend against them. You cling to your land because it is your secure place, you must fight anyone who encroaches upon it. You become your nation, you become your religion, you become whatever it is that will squeeze you, numb you and protect you from doubt or change. But all this does actually is shut down the mind. In reality, it does not really make you safer. I was in Sri Lanka, for example, three days after the tsunami and I was standing on the beaches and it was absolutely clear that in a matter of five minutes, the 30-foot wave could rise up and desecrate a people, a population and lives. All this striving for security in fact has made you much more insecure. Because now you have to watch out all the time. There are people not like you, people who you now call enemies. You have places you cannot go, thoughts you cannot think, worlds that you can no longer inhabit. And so you spend your days fighting things all, defending your territory and becoming more entrenched in your fundamental thinking. Your days become devoted to protecting yourself, this becomes your mission. That is all you do. Ideas get shorter, they become sound bites. They are evil-doers in saints, criminals in victims. There are those who if they are not with us are against us. It gets easier to hurt people because you do not feel what's inside them. It gets easier to lock them up, force them to be naked, humiliate them, occupy them, invade them and kill them because they are only obstacles now to your security. And six years I have had the extraordinary privilege through V-Day, a global movement against women to travel probably to 60 countries and spend a great deal of time in different portions. I have met women and men all over this planet who through various circumstances war, poverty, racism, multiple forms of violence have never known security or have had their illusion of security forever devastated. I spent time with women in Afghanistan under the Taliban who were essentially brutalized and censored. I have been in Bosnian refugee camps. I was with women in Pakistan who have had their faces melted off with acid.