 In fact, some of them actually survived the Internet challenge and some got even more depressed. So this is when I run out of my idealism, decided to quit my NGO job and actually study how the internet could impede democratization. Now I must tell you that this was never a very popular argument. And it's probably not very popular yet with some receiving an interest audience. It was never popular with many political leaders. It's personally those in the United States who somehow thought that New Media would be able to do what this house could. That is promote democracy in difficult places where everything else has already been pride and fail. And I think by 2009, this news could finally reach Britain. So I should probably add Gordon Brown to this list as well. However, there is an underlying argument about logistics which have driven so much of this debate. Right? Since you look at it close enough, you'll actually see that much of this is about economics. The cybertopians say much like FATS machines and Zerocs machines, they tend to eat this, blogs and social networks have radically transformed the economics of protest. So people would inevitably rebel. Right? So to put it very simply, the assumption so far has been that if you give people enough connectivity, if you give them enough devices, democracy would inevitably fall. Right? And to tell you the truth, I never really bought into this argument. In part because I never saw three American presidents agree on anything else in the past. But even beyond that, if you think about the logic underlying it is something I call I put liberalism, right? We assume that every single Iranian or Chinese who happens to have and laugh his iPod will also laugh liberal democracy. And again, I think this is kind of false. But I think a much bigger problem with this is that this logic that you should be dropping iPods not bombs, I mean, it would make a fascinating title for Thomas Friedman's new book. But this is rarely a good sign. So the bigger problem with this logic is that it confuses the intended versus the actual use of ecology. So those of you who think that the media of the internet could somehow help us a virginicide to look no further than the water. Within the 90s, it was actually to radio stations, which were responsible for fooling much of the African-Kate in the first place. But even beyond that, coming back to the internet, what you could actually see is that certain governments have mastered the use of the internet.