 of 880 feet and turned out the lights. And the reason I turned out the lights is because I knew I would see this phenomenon of animals making light called bioluminescence. But I was totally unprepared for how much there was and how spectacular it was. I saw chains of jellyfish called psiponophores that were longer than this room pumping out so much light that I could read the dials and gauges inside the suit without a flashlight. And puffs and billows of what looked like luminous, loose smoke. And explosions of sparks that would swirl up out of the thrusters just like when you throw a log on a campfire and the embers swirl up off the campfire. But these were icy blue embers. It was breathtaking. Now usually people are familiar with bioluminescence with all its these guys, fireflies. And there are a few other land dwellers that can make light, some insects, earthworms, fungi. But in general on land, it's really rare. In the ocean, it's the rule rather than the exception. If I go out in the open ocean environment virtually anywhere in the world and I drag a net from 3000 feet to the surface, most of the animals, in fact in many places 80 to 90% of the animals that I bring up in that net make light. This makes for some pretty spectacular light shows. Now I want to share with you a little bit of video that I shot from this emersible. I first developed this technique working from a little single person submersible called Deep Rover and then adapted it for use on the Johnson C-Length which you see here. So mounted in front of the observation sphere, there's a three foot diameter poop with a screen stretched across it. And inside the sphere with me is an intensified camera that's about as sensitive as a fully dark adapted human eye albeit a little bit fuzzy. So you turn on the camera, turn out the lights. That's sparkly your seeing. It's not luminescence that's just electronic noise on these super intensified cameras. You don't see luminescence in the show, the submersible begins to move forward through the water but as it does, animals bumping into the screen are stimulated to buy a luminescence. Now when I was first doing this all I was trying to do was count the numbers of sources. I knew my forewrested, I knew the area and so I could figure out how many hundreds of sources there were per cubic meter. But I started to realize that I could actually identify animals by the type of flashes they produce. And so here in the Gulf of Maine at 740 feet, I can name pretty much everything you're seeing there to the species level and like those big explosions of sparks are from a little comb jelly and there's krill and other kinds of crustaceans and jellyfish. There was another one of those comb jelly. And so I worked with computer image analysis engineers to develop automatic recognition systems that can identify these animals and then extract the XYZ coordinate of the initial impact point. And we can then do the kind of things that colleges do on land and do nearest neighbor distances. But you don't always have to go down to the depths of the ocean to see a light show like this. You can actually see it in the surface waters. This is from Video Shot by Dr. Mike Latz at Spiritsons.