 wall was covered was I had an explosion people on the street came and knocked on the door to see if I was okay. So I'd like to start this session again. The gentleman to my left is the very famous, perhaps overly famous Frank Garen. Frank you've come to a place in life which is astonishing. I mean it is astonishing for an artist, for an architect to become actually an icon and a legend in their own time. I mean you have become with even gigalat it because it's a funny you know it's a strange thought but your building is an icon you can draw a little picture of that building. You've been using ads and you've had not rock star status but celebrity status in doing what you wanted to do for most of your life. And I know the road was extremely difficult and it didn't seem at least that your sellouts whatever they were were very big that you kept moving ahead in a life where you depend on your life. And that's an interesting thing for a creative person. A lot of us work for people we are in the hands of other people and that's one of the great dilemmas we're in a creativity session. It's one of the great dilemmas and creativity how to do work that's big enough and not sell out. And you've achieved that and that makes your win doubly big, triplely big. Not quite a question but you can come in. That's it's a big issue. Well I've always just I've never really gone out looking for. I always waited for it to sort of hit me on the head. And when I started out I thought I was that architect was a service business and that you had to please the clients and stuff. And I realized when I'd come into the meetings with these corrugated metal and chain link stuff and people would just look at me like I just landed from Mars. But I couldn't do anything else. That was my response to the people in the time and actually it was responding to clients that I had who didn't have very much money. I think it was circumstances until I got to my house where the client was my wife. We bought this tiny little bungalow in Santa Monica for like 50 grand. I built a house around it and a few people got excited about. I was visiting with an artist Michael Heiser out in the desert near Las Vegas somewhere. He's building a house.