 put the value of this industry of $250 million. It has created thousands, if not tens, of thousands of jobs. And it's expanding. But keep in mind that this was a grassroots movement. This is something that happened without foreign investment, without government aid, and actually it happened against all odds. In one of the most difficult economic, most difficult moment in Nigerian economy. The industry is 15 years old. And so maybe you're thinking now, why, how an Italian filmmaker, Bayeson Boston, is so interested in this story. And so I think I have to tell you just a few words, a few things about my personal life. And because I think there is a connection. My grandfather lived most of his life and is buried in Zambia. My father also lived most of his adult life in East Africa. And I was born in Zambia. Even though I left when I was only three years old, I really felt that Africa was this big part of my life. And growing, it really was a place, a place where I learned to walk. I think I had the first words and my family both their first home. So when we came back to Italy and one of the things that I remember the most is my family having this hard time to share stories. It seemed that for our neighbors and friends, Africa was either this exotic place, this imaginary land, the probably exist all in their imagination. And or the place of a horror famine. And so we were always caught in this period type. And I remember really this desire to talk about Africa as a place where we lived and people live and go about their lives and have dreams like we all have. So when I read in a newspaper in the business page, the story of Nollywood, I really felt this is an incredible opportunity to tell a story that goes against all these preconceived notions. Here I can tell a story of African making movies like I do. And actually I felt this was an inspiration for me. I have the good fortune of the filmmaker residents at the center of digital imaging arts at Boston University. And we really look how digital