 save millions of lives and it has prevented entire economies from capsizing in sub-Saharan Africa. But there is a fundamental problem that is killing the efforts in fighting this disease because if you keep growing drugs at people who don't have diagnostic services, you end up creating a problem of drug resistance. This is already beginning to happen in sub-Saharan Africa. The problem is is that what begins as a tragedy in the third world could easily become a global problem. And the last thing we want to see is that drug-resistant strains of HIV popping up all over the world because it will make treatment more expensive and it could also restore the pre-error of the carnage of HIV-8. I experienced this firsthand as a high school student in Uganda. This was in the 90s during the peak of the HIV epidemic before there were any error in sub-Saharan Africa. And during that time I actually lost more relatives as well as the teachers who taught me to HIV AIDS. So this became one of the driving passions of my life to help find real solutions that could address these kinds of problems. We all know about the miracle of miniaturization but from the days computers used to feel this entire room and people actually used to work inside the computers. But what electronic miniaturization has done is that it has allowed people to shrink technology into a cell phone and I'm sure everyone here enjoys cell phones that can actually be used in the remote areas of the world in the third world countries. The good news is that the same technology that allowed miniaturization of electronics is now allowing us to miniaturize biological laboratories. So right now we can actually miniaturize biological and chemistry laboratories onto microfluidic chips. I was very lucky to come to the US right after high school and was able to work on this technology and develop some devices. This is a microfluidic chip that I developed. A close look at how the technology works. These are channels that are about the size of a human hair. So you have integrated valves, pumps, mixers and injectors so you can fit entire diagnostic experiments onto a microfluidic system. So what I plan to do with this technology is to actually take the current state of a technology and build an HIV kit in a microfluidic system. So with one microfluidic chip which is the size of an iPhone, you can actually diagnose 100 patients at the same time. For each patient we will be able to do up to 100 different viral loads per patient and this is only done in four hours. 50 times faster than the current set of the art. At a cost that will be five to five hundred times cheaper than the current options. So this will allow us to create