 leave anymore. What I'm going to try and do is give some pointers to what I think is the landscape on the other side of the crisis, what things we should be looking out for, and how we can actually use the crisis. There's a definition of leadership which says it's the ability to use the smallest possible crisis for the biggest possible effect, and I want to talk about how we ensure that this crisis, which is by no means small, really is used to the form. I want to start just by saying a bit about where I'm coming from. I've got a very confused background which perhaps makes me appropriate for confused times. I've got a PhD in telecoms, you can see. I train briefly as a Buddhist monk under this guy. I've been a civil servant, and I've been in charge of policy for this guy as well. But what I want to talk about begins when I was at this city, this university, as a student, and then as now, it was a beautiful place of balls and punts, beautiful people, many of whom took to heart Ronald Reagan's comment that even if they say hard work, doesn't do you any harm, why risk it? But when I was here, a lot of my fellow teenagers were in a very different situation, leaving school at a time then of rapidly growing youth unemployment and essentially hitting a brick wall in terms of their opportunities. I spent quite a lot of time with them, rather than in punts. And they were people who were not short of wit or grace or energy, but they had no hope, no jobs, no prospects, and when people aren't allowed to be useful, they soon think that they're useless. And although that was great for the music, business, the time, it wasn't much good for anything else. And ever since then, I've wondered why it is that capitalism is so amazingly efficient at some things, so inefficient at others, so innovative in some ways and so uninnovative in others. Now since that time, we've actually been through an extraordinary boom, the longest boom ever in the history of this country, unprecedented wealth and prosperity, but that growth hasn't always delivered what we needed. HR Mankin once said that to every complex problem there is a simple solution and it's wrong. But I'm not saying growth is wrong, but it's very striking throughout the years of growth. Many things didn't get better. Rates of depression carried on up right across the Western world. If you look at America, the proportion of Americans with no one to talk to about important things, went up from a tenth to a quarter. We commuted longer to work, but as you can see from this graph, the longer you commute, the less happy you're likely to be. And it became ever clearer that economic growth doesn't automatically translate into social growth or human growth. We're now at another moment when another wave of teenagers are entering a cruel job market, there'll be a million