 of military medicine are not so dissimilar from the third world. Poor resources are rigorous environment, most serious problems and lightweight and things of this kind, and also not so different from the home healthcare and diagnostic system world. So the technology that I want to talk about is for the third world, for the developing world, but it has, I think, much broader application, because information is so important in the healthcare system. So you see two examples here. One is a lab that's actually a fairly high-end laboratory in Africa. The second is basically an entrepreneur who is set up and doing who knows what in a table in the market. I don't know what kind of healthcare is delivered there, but it's not really what is probably most efficient. What is our approach? And the way in which one typically approaches a problem of lowering cost, starting from the perspective of the United States, is to take our solution and then to try to cut cost out of it. No matter how you do that, you're not going to start with $100,000 instrument and bring it down to no cost. It isn't going to work. So the approach that we took was the other way around. They asked, what is the cheapest possible stuff that you could make a diagnostic system out of and get useful information, add function? And what we've chosen is paper. What you see here is a prototypic device. It's about a centimeter on the side, about the size of a fingernail. The lines around the edges are a polymer. It's made of paper, and paper, of course, wicks fluid. As you know, paper cloths drop line on the table cloth, and the line wicks all over everything. I've put it on your shirt, it ruins the shirt. That's what a hydrophilic surface does. So in this device, the idea is that you drip the bottom end of it in a drop of, in this case, urine. The fluid wits its way into those chambers at the top. The brown color indicates the amount in glucose in the urine. The blue color indicates the amount of protein in the urine. And the combination of those two is a first-order shot at a number of useful things that you want. So this is an example of a device made from a simple piece of paper. Now, how simple can you make the production? And why do we choose paper? There's an example of the same thing on a finger showing you just basically what it looks like. One reason for using paper is that it's everywhere. We have made these kinds of devices using napkins and toilet paper and wraps and all kinds of stuff. So the production capabilities there. The second is you can put lots and lots of tests in a very small place. I'll show you in a moment that the stack of paper there would probably hold something like a hundred thousand tests. Something of that kind. And then finally, a point that you don't think of so much in developed room.