 before it got reshaped and so forth. It's a question of what's the continuity? So one of the things I look at is how did the universe begin and shape? What was the whole process and the creation and the evolution of the universe to getting to the point that we have these kind of materials? So that's the sort of part. And let me move on then, show you the Hubble Alpertine field. Do you look in this picture, what you will see is a lot of dark with some light objects in it. And everything but for these light objects are stars, you can see them there little pluses. This is a star. This is a star. Everything else is a galaxy. So there's a couple of thousand galaxies you can see easily with your eye in here. And when I look out at particularly this galaxy, which looks a lot like ours, I wonder if there's an art design college that's going on and intelligent beings there are thinking about what designs I might do. And there might be a few, because I'm all just trying to understand where the universe itself came from. And there might even be some on that galaxy looking at ours, trying to figure out what's going on over here. But there's a lot about the galaxies and somewhere nearby and they're kind of the color of the sun and somewhere further away and they're a little blue and so forth. But one of the questions is, it should be to you, how come there's so many galaxies? This represents a very keen fraction of the sky. This is only a thousand galaxies. We think there's on the order visible to the Hubble Space Telescope if you had the time to scan it around about a hundred billion galaxies. It's a very large number of galaxies. And that's roughly how many stars there are in our own galaxy. But when you look at some of these regions like this, you'll see more galaxies and stars, which is kind of a conundrum. So the question should come to your mind is what kind of design, you know, what kind of creative process and what kind of design produced a world like that. And then I'm going to tell you, it's actually a lot more complicated. We're going to try and follow it up. We have a tool that actually helps us out in the study. And that's the fact that the universe is so incredibly big that it's a time machine in a certain sense. We draw this set of nested spheres cut away. So you see it put the earth at the center of the nested spheres just because that's where we're making observations. And the moon is only two seconds away. So if you take a picture of the moon using ordinary light, it's the moon two seconds ago. And who cares? Two seconds is like the press. The sun is eight minutes ago. That's not such a big deal, right? Unless the solar flare is coming, you want to get out of the way. You'd like to have the day's morning. But you get out to Jupiter and it's 40 minutes away. It's a problem here about Mars. It's a problem communicating the Mars because it takes a long enough to go there. But if you look out the nearest set of stars, say the nearest 40 or 50 stars, it's about 10 years. So if you can take a picture of what's going on, it's 10 years ago. But you go and look to the center of the galaxy it's thousands of years ago. You look at Endromeda, which is a nearest big galaxy. And it's 2 million years ago. If you took a picture of the Earth 2 million years ago, there'd be no evidence of humans at all because we don't think there were humans yet. I mean, it just gives you the scale. And with Hubble Space Telescope, we're looking out hundreds of millions of years, the billion years. But if we were capable to come up with an idea how to look even further, to sense things even.