 in on pornography. And let me just read it, the important details here. Short-hand description, hardcore pornography, and perhaps I could never succeed in intelligibly to finding it, but I know it when I see it. I'm gonna come back to that. So what is simplicity? It's good to start with some examples. A coffee cup, we don't think about coffee cups, but it's much more interesting than one might think. Coffee cup is a device, yes, which has a container, yes, and a handle, yes. The handle enables you to hold it when the container is filled with hot liquid. Yeah, why is that important? Well, it enables you to drink coffee, but also by the way, the coffee is hot, liquid is sterile. You're not likely to get cold that way. So the coffee cup or the cup with a handle is one of the tools used by society to maintain public health. Scissors are your clothes, glasses, enabling you to see things and keep you from being eaten by cheetahs or run down by automobiles, and books are after all your education. But there's another class of simple things, which are also very important, simple and function, but not at all simple in how they're constructed. And the two here are just examples. One is the cell phone, which we use every day, and it rests on a complexity, which has some characteristics very different from those to my friend Benoit, who'll talk to discuss, but are very interesting. And the other, of course, is the birth control pill, which in a very simple way, fundamentally changed the structure of society by changing the little women in it by providing to them the opportunity to make reproductive choices. So there are two ways of thinking about this word, I think. Here I've corrupted the Potter-Spurred quotation, by saying that we can think about something which spans all the way from scissors to the cell phone, internet, and birth control pills, by saying that they're simple, functions are simple, and we recognize what that simplicity is when we see it. Or there may be another way of doing it, which is to think about the problem in terms of what, if you associate with a moral philosophers, is called the teapot problem. The teapot problem I'll pose this way. Suppose you see a teapot, and the teapot is filled with hot water. And you can then ask the question, why is the water hot? That's a simple question. It's like, what is simplicity? One answer would be because the kinetic energy of the water molecules is high, and they also against things rapidly. That's a kind of physical science argument. A second argument would be because he was sitting on a stove.