 So, the ship was basically the size of the married hotel, a little taller and a little bigger. And one of the people who worked out at the beginning was my father, Freeman there in the middle, that's me and my sister Esther, he's a frequent Ted. I didn't like nuclear plop-and-pulp space ships. I mean, I thought it was a great idea, but I started building kayaks. So we have a few kayaks. I just so you know that I am not Dr. Strange love. But all the time I was out there doing these strange kayaks voyages in odd, you know, beautiful parts of this planet. I always saw it in the back of my mind about Project Orion and how my father and his friends were going to build these big ships. They were really going to go. They were actually going to go Ted Taylor who led the project was going to take his children. My father was not going to take his children. That was one of the reasons we sort of had a falling out for a few years. The project began in 57 at General Atomic there. That's right on the coast that will h way up. Look at that central building right in the middle of the picture. That's the 130 foot diameter library. That is exactly the size of the base of the space ship. So put that library at the bottom of that ship. That's how big the thing was going to be. We'll take two or three thousand bombs. The people who worked on it were a lot of the Los Alamos people who had done the hydrogen bomb work. It was the first project funded by ARPA. That's the contract where ARPA gave the first million dollars to get this thing started. Space ship project officially begun. Job waiting for you. Dyson. That's July 58. Two days later, the space travelers manifesto explaining why. Just like we heard yesterday, why we need to go into space. Trips to satellites to the outer planets, August 20th, 1958. These are the statistics of what would be the good places to go and stop. One of the sizes of ships ranging all the way up to ship mass of 8 million tons. That was the outer extreme here was the version 2, 2000 bombs. These are five kilotent yield bombs about the size of the small Volkswagen. It would take 800 to get into orbit. Here we see a 10,000 tons ship will deliver 1,300 tons to Saturn and back. Essentially a five year trip, possible departure dates, October 1960 to February 1966. This is tragic to our eyes. All this was sent by hand in the slide rules. The little Orion ship and what it would take to do what Orion does with chemical if you have a ship besides the Empire State Building. NASA had no interest. They tried to kill the crowd. People who supported it were the Air Force, which meant that it was all secret. That's why when you get something deep classified, that's what it looks like. Military weapon versions, the reversions of carried hydrogen bombs that could destroy half the planet. There's another version there that sends retaliatory strikes. This is the secret stuff. How to get directed energy explosion. So you're sending the energy of a nuclear explosion not like just a stick of dynamite, but you're directing it at the ship. This is still a very active thing.