 for it and standards and so on. But in a way, the computer is possible, it makes possible much more than what most people think. And my art has just been about trying to find a personal way at using computer. And so I end up writing software to do that. Chris has asked me to do short performance. And so I'm going to take just this time, maybe 10 minutes to do that. And hopefully, at the end, I have just a moment to show you a couple of my other projects and video form. So I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm going to start with the second one. I'm going to start with the first one. I'm gonna start with the first one. I'm gonna start with the first one. I'm gonna start with the first one. I'm gonna start with the first one. OK. I'm going to start with the first one. OK. I'm removing my leider repellent. OK. OK. OK. I'm gonna start with the first one. OK. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room.