 tank became a picture that became a symbol for the whole world of resistance. This next is the Sudanese girl, a few moments from death, a vulture hovering in the background, a picture that went around the world and shot people into action on poverty. This is Nida, the Iranian girl who was shot while at a demonstration with her father in Iran only a few weeks ago. And she is now the focus rightly so of the YouTube generation. And what do all these pictures and events have in common? What they have in common is what we see unlocks, what we cannot see. What we see unlocks the invisible ties and bonds of sympathy that bring us together to become a human community. What these pictures demonstrate is that we do feel the pain of others however distant pain. What I think these pictures demonstrate is we do believe in something bigger than ourselves. What these pictures demonstrate is that there is a moral sense across all religions, across all faiths, across all continents, a moral sense. They are not only do we share the pain of others and believe in something bigger than ourselves but we have a duty to act when we see things that are wrong that need right to see injuries that need to be corrected, see problems that need to be rectified. There is a story about all of Parme, the Swedish Prime Minister, going to see Ronald Reagan in America in the 1980s. Before he arrived, Ronald Reagan said, and he is a Swedish Social Democratic Prime Minister, isn't this matter communist? And the reply was no, Mr. President, he is an anti-communist. And Ronald Reagan said, I don't care what kind of problem is the years. Ronald Reagan asked, Ola Parme, the Social Democratic Prime Minister, what do you believe in? Do you want to abolish the rich? And he said, no, I want to abolish the poor. Our responsibility is to let everyone have the chance to realise the potential to the fool. And I believe that there is a moral sense and a global ethic that commands attention from people of every religion and every faith and people of nothing. But I think what's new is that we now have the capacity to communicate instantaneously across frontiers, right across the world. But we now have the capacity to find common ground with people that we will never meet, but who we can meet through the internet and through all the modern means of communication. But we now have the capacity to organise and take collective