 ground. Galileo, he had inquisitions, so it had to be a little more polite. He was, it's not in the middle, you know. And Hawks, he says, it's not a stupidish ocean. This is an ocean planet. Theosceliet really said it for me and this should give you goosebumps. We shall not seize from exploration and the end of our exploring shall be to return where we started and know the place for the first time. And the next lines are through the unknown remembered gate where the last of earth discovered is that which is the beginning. So I have a, I have one message sure, it seems to me that we're all pointed in the wrong direction. So the rocket is in the audience. I'd love what you're doing. I admire the guts. I admire the courage that your rockets are pointed in the wrong goddamn direction. It is all a question of perspective. Let me try and tell you. I don't mean to insult you but but look, if I, and I'm not doing this for real because it would be an insult. So I'm going to pretend and soften the blow. I'm going to tell you what you're thinking. If I held up a square that was one foot square, the color of earth, and I held up another square that was a route to square. So it's 1.5 times bigger and there's the color of the oceans. And I said, what is the relative value of these two things? Well, is the relative importance? You would say, yeah, yeah, we all know this. Lord of Covers, twice the area of the planet than dry land. But it's a question of perception. And if that's what you're thinking, if that's what you think, I mean when I say this is an ocean planet stupidly called earth. If you think that that's the relative importance, two to one, you're wrong by a factor of 10. Now, you're not as thick as two short plants but it sound like it when you say earth because that demonstration, if I turned around this way, that earth's plane will be as thin as paper. It's a thin film, two-dimensional existence. The ocean representation would have a depth to it. And if you hefty those two things, you might find the relative scale of those is 20 to one. It turns out that something more than 94% of life on earth is a quatic. That means us terrestrials occupy a minority. The problem we have in believing now is you just have to give up this notion that this earth was created for us because it's a problem we have. If this isn't an ocean planet and we only have a small minority of this planet, it just interferes with a lot of what? Humanity thinks. Okay, let me criticize this thing.