 joys who would like to relinquish them are actually to follow those paths would be such a tragedy for us. And I'm focusing on biology, the biological sciences. And the reason I'm doing that is because those are going to be the areas that are the most significant for us. And the reason for that is really very simple. It's because more flesh and blood, we're biological creatures. And what we can do with our biology is going to shape our future. And that of our children and that of their children. Whether we gain control over aging, whether we learn to protect ourselves from all ourselves from Alzheimer's and heart disease, cancer. And I think that Shakespeare really put it very nicely. And I'm actually going to use his words in the same order that he did. He said, and so from hour to hour, we write and write. And then from hour to hour, we rot and rot. And thereby hangs a tail. Life is short, you know? And we need to think about playing a little bit. And we're all going to eventually, even in the developed world, we're going to have to lose everything we love. And when you're beginning to rot a little bit, all of the videos crammed into your head, all of the extensions that extend your various powers are going to begin to see a little secondary. And you know, I'm getting a little bit gray. So is Ray Kurzweil. So is Eric Drexler. This is where it's really central to our lives. And I know there's been a whole lot of hype about our power to control biology. You just have to look at the Human Genome Project. It wasn't two years ago that everybody was talking about, we found the holy grail of biology were deciphering the code of codes, were reading the book of life. And that's a little bit reminiscent of 1969 when Neil Armstrong walked on the moon and everybody was about to race out towards the stars. And we've all seen 2001 a space Odyssey. And you know, it's 2003 and there is no how. And there is no Odyssey to our own moon, much less the moons of Jupiter. And we're still picking up pieces of the challenger. So it's not surprising that some people would wonder whether maybe 30 or 40 years from now we'll look back at this instant in time. And all of the sort of talk about the Human Genome Project and what all this is going to mean to us will, you know, it'll really mean precious little. And I just want to say that that is absolutely not going to be the case. Because when we talk about our genetics, our biology, and modifying, altering and adjusting these things, we're talking about changing ourselves. This is very critical stuff. And if you have any doubts about how technology affects our lives, you just have to go to any major city. This is not the stomping ground of our planet.