 like these development goals. And that is because each and every one is measured. Take child mortality. The aim here is to reduce child mortality with two thirds from 1990 to 2050. That's a 4% reduction per year. And this with measuring, that's what makes the difference between political talking like this and really going for the important thing, a better life for people. What I'm so happy about this is that we have already documented that there are many countries in Asia, in Middle East, in Latin America, East Europe, that is reducing with this way. And even like Brazil is going down with 5% per year and Turkey will 7% per year. So there's good news. But then I hate people saying, there is no progress in Africa. And there's not even statistics in Africa to know what is happening. I'll prove them wrong on both parts. Come with me to the wonderful world of statistics. I bring you to the webpage child mortality.org, where you can take bets in children below 5 years of age for all countries. It's done by UN specialists, and I will take Kenya's next example. Here you see the data. Don't panic now. Don't panic, you know. I'll help you through this. It looks, you know, nasty like in college when you did like statistics, man. But first thing when you see dots like this, you have to ask yourself, where do the data come? What is the origin of the data? Is it so that in Kenya, there are doctors and other specialists who write the debt certificate at the debt of the child and it's sent to the statistical office? No. Low income companies like Kenya still don't have that level of organization. It exists, but it's not complete because so many debts occur in the home with the family and it's not registered. So what we rely on is not incomplete system. We have interviews, we have surveys, and this is highly professional female interviewers who sit down for one hour with a woman and ask her about birth history. How many children did you have? Are they your life? If they died at what age and what year? And then this is done in a representative sample of thousands of women in the country. And put together what used to be called a demographic health survey report. But these surveys are costly. So they can only be done with three to five years interval. But they have good quality. So this is limitation. And all these colored lines here are results each color is one serve. But that's too complicated for today. So I'll simplify it for you. And I give you one average point for each survey. This was 1977, 1988, 1992, 1997, 2002, 1997, and 2002. And when the expert in the UN have got the service in place in their database, then they use advanced mathematical formulas.