 So you don't have to download it any longer. And let me have to repeat what you saw last year. The bottles of the countries. Here you have the fertility rate, the number of children per woman. And there you have the length of life. In years, it is 1950. Those were the industrialized countries. Those were developing countries. At that time there was a V&M. There was a huge difference in the world. But then it changed. And it went down quite well. And this is what happens. You can see how China is red, big bubble. The blue there is India. And they go over all this when I try to build it more serious this year. And showing you how things really change. And it's Africa which stands out as the problem down here. It doesn't give. Large families still. And the HIV epidemic broke down the countries like this. This is more or less on what we saw last year. And this is how it will go on into the future. And I will talk on is this possible. Because you see now I presented statistics that doesn't exist. Because this is where we are. Will it be possible that this will happen? I cover my lifetime here. I expect to live 100 years. And this is where we are today. Now could we look here at instead the economic situation in the world? And I would like to show that again child survival will swap the access here. You have child mortality. That is survival for kids dying there 200 dying there. And this is GDP per capita on this axis. And this was 2007. And if I go back in time and I did some historical statistics. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Not so much statistics 100 years ago. Some countries still have statistics. We are looking down in the archive. And we are down into 1800 and 20. There is only Austria and Sweden that can produce numbers. But they were down here. They had $1,000 per person per year. And they lost one fifth of their kids before the first birthday. So this is what happens in the world. If we play the entire world. How they got slowly richer and richer. And the at statistic isn't it beautiful when they get statistics. You see the importance of that. And here children don't live longer. The last century, 1800 and 70 was bad for the kids in Europe. It was most of the statistics is Europe. It was only by the turn of the century that more than 90% of the children survived the first year. This is India coming up with the first date of an India. And visit the United States moving away here. And we are going to be earning more money. And we will soon see China coming up in the very far end corner here. And it moves up with Mao Zedong getting help not getting so rich. Very died. Then thanks to your pain brings money. It moves this way over here.