 these five pairs. And I put them together so that in each pair of country, one has twice the child mortality of the other. And this means that it's much bigger than the uncertainty of the date. I won't put you out to test here, but it's Turkey, which is highest there, Poland, Russia, Pakistan, and South Africa. And these were the results of the Swedish students. I did it, so I got the confidence interval, which is pretty narrow. And I got happy of course. I won't point eight right answer out of five possible. That means that there was a place for a professor of international health and for my course. But one night, late night, when I was compiling the report, I really realized my discovery. I have shown that Swedish top students know statistically significantly less about the world than the Schimpancy. Because the Schimpancy would score half right if I gave them to bananas with Sri Lanka and Turkey. They would be right off of the cases. But the students are not there. The problem for me was not ignorance. It was preconceived ideas. I did also an unethical study of the professors of the Karlienska Institute that hands out the Nobel Prize in Medicine, and they are on par with the Schimpancy there. So this is where I realized that there was really a need to communicate. Because the data of what's happening in the world and the child health of every country is very well aware. So we did this software which displays it like this. Every bubble here is a country. This country over here is, this is China, this is India. The size of the bubble is the population. And on this axis here, I put fertility rate. Because my students, what they said when they looked upon the world, and I asked them, what do you really think about the world? Well, I first discovered that the textbook was tinted in mainly. And they said, the world is still we and them. And we is Western world, and them is Third World. And what do you mean with Western world? I said, well, that's long life in small family. And Third World is short life in large families. So this is what I could display here. I put fertility rate here. Number of children per woman, 1, 2, 3, 4 up to about 8 children per woman, we have very good data since 1962, 1960 about on the size of families in all countries. The arrow margin is narrow. Here I put life expectations at birth from 30 years in some countries up to about 70 years. And 1962, there was really a group of countries here that was industrialized countries. And they had small families and long lives. And these were the developing countries. They had large families and they had relatively short lives. Now what has happened since 1962? We want to see the change of the students right, still two types of countries. Or have these developing countries got smaller families and they live here. We're happy.