 had a very low percentage infected, but due to the big population, still a sizable bubble that was quite many people infected in the United States. And up there you see Uganda, they had almost 5% infected and quite a big bubble in spite of being a small country then, and they were probably the most infected country in the world. Now what has happened? Now you have understood the graph and now in the next 60 seconds we will play the HIV epidemic in the world. But first I have a new invention here. I have solidified the beam of the loss or point. So, ready, steady, go. First we had a fast rise in Uganda and Simbaba. They went upwards like this. In Asia, the first country to be heavily infected was Thailand. They reached 1-2%. And then Uganda started to turn back where Simbaba skyrocketed. And some years later, South Africa had a terrible rise of HIV frequency. Look India got many infected, but had a low level, you know. And almost the same happens here. See Uganda coming down, Simbaba coming down, Russia went to 1% in the last 2-3 years. We have reached the steady state of HIV epidemic in the world. 25 years it took, but steady state doesn't mean that things are getting better. It's just that they have stopped getting worse. And it has, the steady state is more or less 1% of the adult world population. Is HIV infected. It means 30 to 40 million people, the whole of California every person. That's more or less what we have today. Now, let me make a fast replay of Botswana. Botswana, upper middle income, country in southern Africa, democratic government, good economy. And this is what happened there. They started low, they skyrocketed, they peaked up there in 2003 and now they are down, but they are falling only slowly because in Botswana with good economy and governance, they can manage to treat people. And if people are infected or treated, they don't die in AIDS, and these percentages won't come down because people can survive in 10 to 20 years. So there's some problem with this metrics now, but the poorer countries in Africa, the low income countries down here, where the rates fall faster of the percentage infected because people still die in spite of PEPFAR, the generous PEPFAR. All people are not reached by treatment and of those who are reached by treatment in the country.