 He stood over six feet tall. He lived into his eighties, and he was buried beneath this monument in 720 AD. And Mayan inscriptions proclaim that he was deeply in love with his wife, so he built a temple in her honor, facing his. And every spring and autumn, exactly at the equinox, the sun rises behind his temple, and perfectly bays her temple with his shadow. And as the sun sets behind her temple in the afternoon, it perfectly bays his temple with her shadow. After 1300 years, these two lovers still touch and kiss from their tomb. Around the world people love. They sing for love, they dance for love, they compose poems and stories about love. They tell myths and legends about love. They pine for love, they live for love, they kill for love, and they die for love. As Walt Whitman once said, he said, oh, I would stake all for you. Anthropologists have found evidence of romantic love in 170 societies. They've never found a society that did not have it. But love isn't always a happy experience. In one study of college students, they ask a lot of questions about love, but the two of this stood out to me the most were, have you ever been rejected by somebody who you really loved? And the second question was, have you ever dumped somebody who really loved you? And almost 95% of both men and women said yes to both. Almost nobody gets out of love alive. So before I start telling you about the brain, I want to read for you what I think is the most powerful love poem on earth. It's the love poems that are of course this is good, but I don't think this one can be surpassed. It was told by an anonymous Quarkudu Indian of southern Alaska to a missionary in 1896. Here it is. I've never had the opportunity to say it before. Fire runs through my body with the pain of loving you. Pain runs through my body with the fires of my love for you. Like a boil about to burst with my love for you. Consumed by fire with my love for you. I remember what you said to me. I am thinking of your love for me. I am torn by your love for me. Pain and more pain. Where are you going with my love? I'm told you will go from here. I'm told you will leave me here. My body is numb with grief. Remember what I said my love. Goodbye my love. Goodbye. Emily Dickinson once wrote, Parting is all we need to know of hell. How many people have suffered in all the millions of years of human evolution? How many people around the world are dancing with the light?