 any K9 teeth, counteracula teeth and the mouth of your neighbors, of course not because our attendle is actually made not for during downrope meat from bones or chewing fibrous leaves for hours. It is made for a diet which is soft and mushy which is reduced in fibers which is very easily chewable and digestible. Sounds like fast food doesn't it? It's for cooked food. We carry in our face the proof that cooking food transformation made us what we are. So I would suggest that we change how we classify ourselves. We talk about ourselves as omnivores. I would say we should call ourselves cockity bones from cocky rain to cook. We are the animals who eat cook food. No, no, no, no, better to live of cooked food. So cooking is a very important technology. It's technology. I don't know how you feel but I like to cook for entertainment and you need some design to be successful. So cooking is a very important technology because it allowed us to acquire what brought you all here the big brain. This wonderful cerebral cortex we have because brains are expensive so we have to pay tuition fees now. But it's also metabolic. Metabolic and speaking expensive. You know our brain is 2 to 3% of the body mass but actually it uses 25% of the total energy. That's very expensive. Where does the energy come from? Of course from food. If you take raw food you cannot release really the energy. So this ingenuity of our ancestors to invent is most marvelous technology. Invisible. Every one of us does it every day. So to speak cooking made it possible that mutations, natural selections, our environment could develop us. So if we think about this unleashing human potential which was possible by cooking and food why do we talk so badly about food? Why is it always doing this? It's good for you. It's not good for you. I think the good news for me would be if we could go back and talk about the unleashing, the continuation of the unleashing of the human potential. Now cooking allowed also that we became a