 illiterate. War and malnutrition kills people together with hope. You may know this from the media, but what you may not know is that every change of the Afghan people is 17 years old, which means they go up in such an environment and I repeat myself in 34. So this translates into ongoing violence, foreign interests, bribery, truck, ethnic conflicts, bare health, shame, fear and cumulative traumatic experiences. Local and foreign military are supposed to put peace together with the donors and the governmental and non-governmental organizations and people head home. Yes, but until they realize their situation worsens everything either because they are being killed or because somehow they are poorer than eight years ago. And figure for that 54% of the children under the age of five years suffer from malnutrition. Yet there is hope. One day a man told me, my future does not look brilliant, but I want to have a brilliant future for my son. This is a picture I took in 2005, walking on Fridays over the Helsing Carbne. For me, it's a symbolic picture of an open future for young generation. So doctors prescribe medication and donors are supposed to bring peace by building schools and roads. Military collect weapons and depression stays intact. Why? Because people don't have tools to cope with it, to get over it. So soon after my arrival, I had confirmed something which I had already known that my instruments come from the heart of modern Europe, yes, however, but can wound us in our reaction to those wounds they are universal. And the big challenge was how to understand the meaning of the symptom. In this specific cultural context, after a counseling session, a woman said to me, because you have felt me, I can feel myself again, and I want to participate again in my family life. This was very important because the family is central in Afghans social system. No one can survive alone. And if people feel used, worthless and ashamed, because something horrible has happened to them, when they retreat and they fall into social isolation, and they do not dare to tell this, either to other people or to their loved ones, how they do not want to burden them. And very often, violence is a way to cope with it. Traumatized people are also easily murdered.