 these really great shoes on. And so I thought I'm this guy. And I took a picture of the shoes and we thank each other and just went on our way. But I do that all the time. As a matter of fact, I think a lot of my design ideas come from mistakes and tricks of the eye. Because I feel like there are so many images out there, so many clothes out there. And the only ones that look interesting to me are the ones that look slightly mistaken, of course. Or very, very surprising. And often I'm driving an attack seat and I see a hole in the shirt or something that looks very interesting or pretty or functional in some way that I'd never seen happen before. And so I make the car stop and I get out of the car and walk and see that in fact there wasn't a hole, but it was like a trick of my eye. It was a shadow. Or if there was a hole, I think, like, damn, there was actually someone thought of that photo already. Someone made that mistake already. So I can't do it anymore. I don't know where inspiration comes from. It does not come from me from research. I don't get necessarily inspired by research. As a matter of fact, one of the most fun things I've ever, ever done in my whole life was this Christmas season at the Guggenheim in New York. I read Peter and the Wolf with this beautiful band from Juilliard. And I did like, you know, the narrator. And I read it. And I saw this really smart critic who I love, the Smoon Joan Echo cell that was a friend of mine. She came back to say, oh, Isaac, did you know that, you know, talking about Stalinism and talking about, you know, like the 30s in Russia. I said, I know about Stalinism. I know about a wolf and a bird. And you know, he ate the bird. And then in the end, you hear the bird squeaking or something. So I don't really know that. I don't really, actually, I do my own kind of research. You know, if I'm commissioned to do the costumes for an 18th century opera or something like that, I will do a lot of research. Because it's interesting, not because it's what I'm supposed to do. I'm very, very, very inspired by movies. The color of movies and the way light makes the colors, light from behind the projection or light from the projection, makes the colors look so impossible. And anyway, roll this little clip. I'll just show you. I, you know, I sort of, again, sit up at night and I watch movies and I watch women in movies a lot. And I think about, you know, their roles and about how you have to like watch what your daughters look at. Because I look at the way women are portrayed over time, whether they're kind of glorified in this way or whether they're kind of, you know, ironically glorified or whether they're, you know, sort of denigrated or ironically denigrated. I go back to color over time. Color is something that motivates me a lot. It's rarely color that I find in nature.