 Check your mail at work and in the evening you watch to be Sounds nice, but this can only buy time Because in a long run I think there's no reason no practical reason for newspapers to survive So what can we do? Let me tell you my story 20 years ago Bonnier Swedish publishers have to set newspapers in a former Soviet blog that a few years they had set on newspapers in center on Eastern Europe They were on by an experienced staff with no visual culture no buttons for visuals in many places There were no even other actors. I decided to be just to work for them as an other Before I was an architect and my grandmother asked me once what are you doing for living? I said I'm designing newspapers. What? There's nothing to designer. Just boring letters And she was right. I was very frustrated until one day. I came to London I have seen performance by Cirque du Soleil and I had a revelation I thought this guy stood some creepy round-down entertainment and put it to the highest possible level of Performance on I thought oh my god. Maybe I can do the same with this boring newspapers and I did We started to redesign one by one The front page became our signature It was my personal intimate channel to talk to the readers. I'm not gonna tell the stories about teamwork or cooperation my approach is very good. I wanted My artistic statement my interpretation of reality. I want to make posters not newspapers not even magazines post We were experimenting with type with the illustration with photos and it had fun and Soon it started to bring results In Poland our pages were named covers of the year three times in a row Other examples you can see here are from Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, the center of European countries But it's not only about the front page The secret is that we were treating the whole newspaper as one piece as one composition like music And music has a written his abs and downs and designers responsible for this experience Looking for pages is with this experience and I'm responsible for this experience We treated two pages all spread as a one page because that's how we this procedure You can see some Russian pages here. We've got many words on biggest infographic competition in Spain But the real award came from society for newspaper design Just a year after we designed this newspaper in Poland they named it words best designers paper and Two years later the same award came to Estonia Isn't amazing what really makes it