 idea. We all, I think, believe in compassion. If you look at all the world religions, all the main world religions, you'll find within them some teaching concerning compassion. So in Judaism we have from our Torah that you should love your neighbour as you love yourself and with endurance teachings, the rabbinic teachings, we have Kilell who taught that you shouldn't do to others what you don't like being done to yourself and all the main religions have similar teachings. And again within Judaism we have a teaching about God who is called the compassionate one, after all how could the world exist without God being compassionate? And we as taught within the Torah that we are made in the image of God. So we too have to be compassionate. But what does it mean? How does it impact on our everyday life? Sometimes of course being compassionate can produce feelings within us that are very difficult to control. I know there are many times when I've gone and conducted a funeral or when I have been sitting with believed or with people who are dying and I am overwhelmed by the sadness, by the difficulty, the challenge that is there for the family, for the person. And I'm touched so that tears come to my eyes. And yet if I just allowed myself to be overwhelmed by these feelings, I wouldn't be doing my job because I have to actually be there for them and make sure that things that rituals happen, that practicalities are seen too. And yet on the other hand, if I didn't feel this compassion, then I feel that it will be time for me to hang up my robe and give up being a rabbi. And the same feelings are there for all of us as we face the world. Who can not be touched by compassion when we see the terrible horrors of the results of war or famine or earthquakes or tsunamis? I know some people who say, well, you know, there's just so much out there, I can't do anything I'm not going to even begin to try. And there are some charity workers who call this compassion fatigue. There are others who feel they can't felt compassion anymore. And so they turn off the television and don't watch.