 So it was an incredibly painful time in my life. And yet, it really started to give me the humility to start listening. I think that failure can be an incredibly motivating force as well. So I moved to Kenya and worked in Uganda, and I met a group of Rwandan women who asked me in 1986 to move to Kigali to help them start the first microfinance institution there. And I did, and we ended up naming it Dutanembridae, meaning to go forward with enthusiasm. And while we were doing it, I realized that there weren't a lot of businesses that were viable and started by women, and so maybe I should try to run a business too. And so I started looking around and I heard about a bakery that was run by 20 prostitutes. And being a little intrigued, I went to go meet this group. What I found was 20 unwed mothers who were trying to survive. And it was really the beginning of my understanding the power of language, and how what we call people so often distances us from them and makes them little. I also found out that the bakery was nothing like a business, that in fact it was a classic charity run by a well-intentioned person who essentially spent $600 a month to keep these 20 women busy making little crafts and baked goods and living on 50 cents a day still in poverty. So I made a deal with women. I said, look, we get rid of the charity side and we run this as a business and I'll help you. They nervously agreed. I nervously started. And of course things are always harder than you think they're going to be. First of all, I thought, well, we need a sales team and we clearly aren't the 18 here. So let's, I'll get all this training. And the epitome was when I literally marched into the streets of Nyamurambo, which is the popular quarter of Kigali with a bucket. And I sold all these little donuts to people and I came back and I was like, you see? And the women said, you know, Jacqueline, who in Nyamurambo is not going to buy donuts out of an orange bucket from a tall American woman? And, um, it's a good point. So then I went the whole American way with competitions, team and individual completely proud. But over time, the women learned to sell on their own way and they started listening to the marketplace and they came back with ideas for cassava chips and banana chips and sorghum bread. And before you knew it, we had cornered the Kigali market and the women were earning three to four times the national average. And with that confidence surge, I thought, well, it's time to pay the real bakery. So let's paint it. The women said, that's a really great idea. And I said, well, what color do you want to paint it? And they said, well, you choose. And I said, no, no, I'm learning to listen. You choose. It's your bakery, your street, your country, not mine. They wouldn't give me an answer. So one week, two weeks, three weeks, one five. And finally I said, well, how about blue? And they said, blue, blue, we love blue. Let's do a blue. So I went to the store. I brought go dogs for the calcature in one of all. And we bought all this paint and fabric to make curtains. And painting day, we all gathered in Yamurambu and the idea was we would paint it white with blue.