 and chastised her forever letting me wear the hideous sweater. We drove to the good well and we threw the sweater away somewhat ceremoniously. My idea being that I would never have to think about this sweater, nor see it ever again. Fast forward, 11 years later, on the 25-year-old kid, working in Kigali, Rwanda, jogging through the steep slopes. When I see ten feet in front of me, a little boy, 11 years old, running toward me wearing my sweater. And I'm thinking, no, this is not possible, but so curious I run up to the child. Of course, scaring the living bejesus out of him, grabbing by the collar, turn it over, and there is my name written on the collar of this sweater. I tell that story because it has served and continues to serve as metaphor to me about the level of connectedness that we all have on this earth. We so often don't realize what our action and our inaction does to people we think we will never see and never know. I also tell it because it tells a larger contextual story of what aid is and can be that this traveled into the good well in Virginia and moved its way into the larger industry, which at that point was giving millions of tons of secondhand clothing to African Asia, which was a very good thing, providing low-cost clothing. And at the same time, certainly in Rwanda, it destroyed the local retailing industry, not to say that it shouldn't have, but that we have to get better at answering the questions that need to be considered when we think about consequences and responses. So I'm going to stick in Rwanda circa 1985-1986. I was doing two things. I had started a bakery with 20 unwed mothers called the Bat Bad News Bears and our notion was we were going to corner the snack food business in Kigali, which was not hard because there were no snacks before us. And because we had a good business model, we actually did it. And I watched these women transform on a micro level. But at the same time, I started a micro-finance bank. And tomorrow, Iqbal Qadir is going to talk about Ramini, which is the grandfather of all micro-finance banks, which now is a worldwide movement, and you talk about a meme. But then, it was quite new, especially in an economy that was moving from barter into trade. We got a lot of things right. We focused on a business model. We insisted on skin in the game. The women made their own decisions at the end of the day as to how they would use this access to credit to build their little businesses earn more income so they could take care of their families better. What we didn't understand, what was happening all around us with the confluence of fear, ethnic strife, and certainly an aid game, if you will, that was playing into this invisible, but certainly palpable movement inside Wanda. That at that time, 30% of the budget was all far and eight. The genocide happened in 1990.