 to be missing, we would have to, we say fix a plate for that person, put it in the oven, then we could say grace and we could eat. Also while we were at the table, there was a ritual in our family when something significant had happened for any one of us, where the mom had just been elected as the president of the PTA, or where the dad had gotten an assignment at the college of our denomination, or where the someone had won the jabby walkie contest for talent, the ritual at the family. Once the announcement is made, we must take five, ten minutes to do what we call make over that person. This is to make a fuss over the one who had been honored in some way, for when one is honored, all are honored. Also we had to make a report on our extended visitage members, that is extended members of the family, sick and elderly shut in. My task was, at least once a week, to visit mother Lasseter who lived on East Street, mother Williamson who lived on Bletsau Avenue, mother Latteras who lived on Oakland Road, why? Because they were old and in firm, and we needed to go back to see if they needed anything, for mom said, to be family is to care and share and to look out for one another. They are our family. And of course sometimes there was a bonus for going, they would offer sweets or money, mom says if they ask you what it costs to either go shopping for them, you must always say nothing, and if they exist, say whatever you mind to give me, this was the nature of being at that table. In fact, she indicated that if we would do that, not only would we have the joy of receiving the gratitude from the members of the extended family, but she said, even God will smile, and when God smiles, there is peace and justice and joy. So at the table at 915, I learned something about compassion. Of course it was a minister's family, so you had to add God into it. And so I came to think that Mama eternal, mama eternal is always wondering are all the children in, and if we have been faithful in caring and sharing, we had the sense that justice and peace would have a chance in