 Presby. Now all shook up is a great love song. It's also a great example of how whenever we deal with anything abstract ideas, motions, feelings, concepts, thoughts, we inevitably resort to metaphor. In all shook up, a touch is not a touch, but a chill. Lips are not lips, but volcanoes. She is not she, but a buttercup. And love is not love, but being all shook up. In this Elvis is following Aristotle's classic definition metaphor as process giving the thing a name that belongs to something else. This is the mathematics of metaphor. Unfortunately, it's very simple. X equals Y. This formula works wherever metaphor is present. Elvis uses it, but so does Shakespeare. His name is line from Romeo and Juliet. Juliet is the sun. Now here Shakespeare gives the thing Juliet, a name that belongs to something else, the sun. But whenever we give a thing a name that belongs to something else, we give it a whole network of analogies too. We mix and match what we know about the metaphor source. In this case, the sun, what we know about its target, Juliet. And metaphor gives us a much more vivid understanding of Juliet than if Shakespeare had literally described what she looks. So how do we make and understand metaphors? This might look familiar. First step is pattern recognition. Look at this image. What do you see? Three-way word Pac-Man and three pointy brackets are actually present. What we see, however, are two overlapping triangles. Metaphor is not just the detection of patterns. It is the creation of patterns. Second step, conceptual synesthesia. Now synesthesia is the experience of a stimulus in one sense organ in another sense organ as well, such as colored hearing. People with colored hearing actually see colors when they hear the sounds of words or letters. We all have synesthetic abilities. This is the Booba Kiki test. What you have to do is identify which of these shapes is called Booba and which is called Kiki. If you're like 98% of other people, you will identify the round, the me-boyed shape is Booba and the sharp, spiky one as Kiki. Can we do a quick show of hands? Is that course one? Okay, I think 99.9 would have all covered. Why do we do that? Because we instinctively find or create a pattern between round shape and the round sound of Booba and the spiky shape and the spiky sound of Kiki.