 because the hey university she called me to let you in after two years of high school. So you, it was fun. You get to work from high school. And, you know, I'm very small, and I was so good in sports or anything like that. But I should say that my background, my father raised to be an Episcopalian and Republican, but after one year of college, he became an atheist and a Democrat. And my mother was Irish Catholic, and but she didn't take, you know, religion too seriously. And by the age of 11, I was no longer going to Sunday Mass and going on bird watching walks with my father. So early on I heard of Charles Darwin. I guess, you know, he was a big hero and, you know, you understand life as it now exists through evolution. And at the University of Chicago, I was a biology maker and thought I would end up, you know, if I was bright enough maybe getting a PhD from Cornell and on Soundshade. Then, in the Chicago paper, there was a review of a book that called What Is Life, by the Great Physician of Throttia. And that, of course, had been a question I want to know, you know, Darwin explained life after it got started, what was the essence of life? And Schrodinger said the essence of this information. Uh, present on our chromosomes and it had to be present to, uh, Anomalcul. I really thought of molecules before, you know, chromosome. For this was molecule and, uh, somehow, the information was probably present in some digital form. And there was a big question, how did you copy the information? So, that was the book. And, uh, so from that moment on, I fifth wanted to, uh, be a geneticist, understand the gene and through that understand life. So, uh, I had, you know, a hero at a distance, wasn't a baseball player with minus points. And, uh, so I applied the Caltech and, uh, they turned me down. Uh, so I went to Indiana, which was actually as good as Caltech and genetics. And, uh, besides they had really good basketball things. So, I had a really quite happy life in Indiana. And it was in Indiana. Uh, I got the impression that, you know, the gene was likely to be DNA. And so, when I got my PhD, I should go and search for DNA. So, I first went to, uh, Copenhagen because, uh, I thought, well, maybe I could become a biochemist, but I discovered high chemistry with very boring. It wasn't going anywhere toward, you know, saying what the gene was. It was just nuclear science. And, uh, oh, that's the book for the book.