 up uprising if you will. Working in London as a TV maker and writer, I quickly realized that comedy connects audiences. Now the best breeding ground for good comedy writing is the stand-up comedy circuit, where they just haven't said that you kill when you do well and you bomb when you do badly. An unfortunate connection for us maybe, but it reminds me that we'd like to thank one man for over the past decade working tirelessly to support comedians all around the world, specifically comedians with a Middle East and Black Hand. Like my good friends Dean and Meesun at the bottom of the screen who, two years after 9-11, started a festival to change the way Middle East and as are perceived in the world, it's still going strong with positive PR to die for. Also, three guys working for years on Los Angeles, an Iranian, a Palestinian and an Egyptian, created the apti name Axis of Ivo, Komedia. And wherever they went, they killed. Now I didn't stop this fire, but I did for Petrol on it. I moved to Dubai as the head of original content for a Western TV network. My job was to connect the brand with a Middle Eastern audience. Now the American head of programming wanted new local Arabic comedy. In the thick Arabic accent my brain went, bitch, now I had friends in the US who had started a successful new tribe. And I had every intention of taking this tribe from being outliers in the Middle East and pushing them over the tipping point towards success. Now as with any new idea, it wasn't easy. I had four phases to expand first. We'd need to buy content from the Western era. Then I'd bring my friends and would show local amateurs how it's done. We would film that and error. And then I could work with the local amateurs on right, new comedy. I excitedly presented this to the big boss and his react was, I don't get it. So I retreated back to my cave and continued to support and produce comedy and let my friends use my couch as a regional operations hub. Now fast forward two years to early 2007. The earth rotated as did our management. And as if by divine intervention, things came together to help this revolution take shape. Here's how the box connected. First the access guys recorded a comedy central special that had in the States and it was getting great hits on YouTube. Our new French CEO believed in the power of positive PR and ideas Dubon Martge. Let's you say value for money. I produced in Dubai a show for Ah Mehra Ahmed to showcase his new access special to a pack room. I invited our new CEO and as soon as he realized we had a room