 We had an amazing journey as a family. We did not even, I think adversity is not even the right word. We looked at this and we said we're going to do something with this new, incredibly positive way. And I want to talk today about one of the things that we decided to do, which was to think about a new way of approaching healthcare, because as we all know here today, it doesn't work very well. I want to talk about it in the context of a story. This is the story of my brother. But it's just a story. And I want to go beyond the story and go to something more. Given my status, what is the best outcome I can hope to achieve? And how do I get there? Is what we are here to do in medicines, what everyone should do? And those questions all have variables to them. All of our statuses are different. All of our hopes and dreams, what we want to accomplish is different. And our paths will be different. They are all stories. But it's a story until we convert it to data. And so what we do, this concept we had, was to take Stephen's status, what is my status, and go from this concept of walking, breathing, and then his hands, speak, and ultimately happiness and function. So the first set of pathologies, they end up in the stickman on his icon. But the rest of them are really what's important here. Because Stephen, despite the fact that he was paralyzed as he was in that pool, he could not walk. He couldn't use his arms. That's why he had the little floaty things on them, you see them. He was happy. We were at the beach. He was raising his son, and he was productive. And we took this, and we converted it into data. But it's not a data point at that one moment in time. It is a data point of Stephen in the context. Here he is in the pool. But here he is healthy as a builder. Taller, stronger, got all the women. He's in guy. Here he is walking down the aisle. But he can barely walk now. So it's impaired. He'd still hold his white hand, but he couldn't do buttons on his clothes, can't feed himself. And here he is paralyzed completely, unable to breathe and move over this time journey. These stories of his life converted to data. He renovated my carriage house when he was completely paralyzed and unable to speak and unable to breathe, and he won an award or historic restoration. So here's Stephen alone sharing the story in the world. This is the insight, the thing that we are excited about. Because we have gone away from the community that we are, the fact that we really do love each other and want to care for each other. We need to give to others to be successful. So Stephen is sharing this story, but he is not alone. There are so many other people sharing their stories, and not stories in words, but stories in data and words. And we convert that information into this structure, this understanding, and this ability to convert those stories into something that is computable to which we can begin to change the way medicine is done and delivered. We did this for ALS, we can do this for depression, Parkinson's disease, HIV. These are not simple, they're not internet scalable, they require a lot of time.