 Pithasine child, Salam, and we've also been hearing about the history, the family tree of mankind through DNA genetic profiling. And it was a paleontologist, the late Louis Leakey, who actually set me on the path for studying chimpanzees. And it was pretty extraordinary way back then. It's kind of commonplace now, but his argument was because he'd been searching for the fossilized remains of early humans in Africa. And you can tell an awful lot about what those beings looked like from the fossils, from the shape of the muscle attachments, something about the way they lived from the various artifacts found with them. But what about how they behaved? That's what he wanted to know. And of course, behavior doesn't fossilize. He argued, and now it's a fairly common theory, that if we found behavior patterns similar or the same in our closest living relatives, the great apes and humans today, then maybe those behaviors were present in the ape-like human-like ancestor some seven million years ago. And therefore, perhaps we had brought those characteristics with us from that ancient, ancient past. Well, if you look in textbooks today that deal with human evolution, you very often find people speculating about how early humans may have behaved based on the behavior of chimpanzees. They are more like us than any other living creature, and we've heard about that during this TED conference. So it remains for me to comment on the ways in which chimpanzees are so like us in certain aspects of their behavior. Every chimpanzee has his or her own personality. Of course, I gave them names. They can live to be 60 years or more, although we think most of them probably don't make it to 60 in the wild. Mr. Wersel. The female has her first baby when she's 11 or 12. Thereafter she has one baby only every five or six years, a long period of childhood dependency when the child is nursing, sleeping with the mother at night and riding on her back. And we believe that this long period of childhood is important for chimpanzees just as it is for us in relation to learning. As the brain becomes ever more complex during evolution in different forms of animals, so we find that learning plays an ever more important role in individual life history. And young chimpanzees spend a lot of time watching what their elders do. We know now that they're capable of imitating behaviors that they see, and we believe that it's in this way that the different tool using behavior