 the two of them, the two mates, and they begin to run underwater. They paddle faster and faster and faster until they're going so fast that they literally lift up out of the water and they're standing upright, sort of paddling the top of the water. And one of these grieves came along while we were rowing, and so we're in a skull, and we're moving really, really quickly. And this grieve, I think, sort of mistake us for a prospect and started to run along the water next to us in a courtship dance. For miles, who would stop and then start and then stop and then start. Now that is for fun. Okay, I almost, I came this close to changing species at that moment. Obviously, life can teach us something in the entertainment section. Okay, life has a lot to teach us, but what I'd like to talk about today is what life might teach us in technology and in design. What's happened since the book came out. The book was mainly about research in biomemically, and what's happened since then is architects, designers, engineers, people who make our world have started to call and say, we want a biologist to sit at the design table to help us in real time become inspired. Or, and this is the fun part for me, we want you to take this out into the natural world, we'll come with a design challenge and we find the champion adapters in the natural world who might inspire us. So this is a picture from a Galapagos trip that we took with some wastewater treatment engineers. They purify wastewater and some of them were very resistant actually to being them. What they said to us at first was, you know, we already do biomem. We use bacteria to clean our water. We said, well, it's not exactly, that's not exactly being inspired by nature. That's bio-processing. You know, that bio-assisted technology using an organism to do your wastewater treatment is an old-old technology called the mesocaine. This is learning something, learning an idea from an organism and then applying. And so they still weren't getting it. So we went for a walk in the beach and I said, well, give me one of your big problems. Give me a design challenge. Sustainability speed bump. It's keeping you from being sustainable. And they said, scale it, which is the build-up of minerals inside of pipes. And they said, you know, what happens is just like at your house, mineral builds up into aperture floses and we have to flush the full pipes with toxins or we have to dig them up. So if we had some way to stop this scale,