 to go to an office every day. And so these companies, they build offices. They go out and they buy a building or they rent a building or they leave some space and they fill the space with stuff. They fill it with tables or desks, chairs, computer equipment, software, internet access, maybe a fridge, maybe a few other things. And they expect their employees or their volunteers to come to that location every day to do great work. It seems like it's perfectly reasonable to ask that. However, if you actually talk to people and even question yourself and you ask yourself, where do you really want to go when you really need to get something done? You'll find out that people don't say what businesses think they would say. If you ask people the question, where do you really need to go when you need to get something done? Typically, it's three different kinds of answers. One is kind of a place or location or room. Another one is a moving object and a third is a time. So here's some examples. When I ask people, I've been asking people this question for about 10 years, I ask them, where do you go when you really need to get something done? I'll hear things like the porch, the deck, the kitchen. I'll hear things like an extra room in the house, the basement, the coffee shop, the library. And then you'll hear things like the train, a plane, a car, so the commute. And then you'll hear people say, well, it doesn't really matter where I am as long as it's really early in the morning or really late at night or on the weekends. You almost never hear someone say the office, but businesses are spending all this money on this place called the office and they're making people go to the office time. Yet people don't do work in the office. What is that about? Like, why is that? Why is that happening? And what you find out is if you dig a little bit deeper, you find out that people, this is what happens. People go to work and they're basically trading in their work day per series of work moments. That's what happened at the office. You don't have a work day anymore. You have work moments. It's like the front door of the office is like a queues and earn. And you walk in and your day is shredded to bits because you have 15 minutes here and 30 minutes there and then something else happens and you're pulled off your work and you got to do something else and you have 20 minutes in this lunch and you have something else to do. And you got 15 minutes and someone pulls you aside and asks you this question. And before you know it, it's like it's 5 p.m. right? And look back in your day and you realize that you didn't get anything done, right? I mean, we've all been through this. We probably went through it yesterday or the day before or the day before that. Do you look back in your day and you're like, I got nothing done today. I was at work. I sat at my desk. I used my expensive computer. I used the software they told me to use. I went to these meetings. I was asked to go to. I did these conference calls. I did all the stuff. But I didn't actually do anything. I just did tasks. I didn't actually get meaningful work done. And what you find is