 Hollywood. And in fact some advantages don't in your own media company. And I also found that Hollywood and Silicon Valley had a lot more in common than it would have dreamed. Hollywood has its sex symbols and the valley has its sex symbols. Hollywood has its rivalries and the valley has its rivalries. Hollywood gathers around power tables and the valley gathers around power tables. So it turned out there was a lot more in common than it would have dreamed. But I'm actually here today to tell a story. And part of it is a personal story. When Chris invited me to speak he said people think of you as a bit of an enigma and they want to know what drives you a bit. And what really drives me is a vision of the future that I think we all share. It's a world of peace and prosperity and sustainability. And when we heard a lot of the present occasions of the last couple of days at Wilson and the pictures of James and Aakui I think we all realized how far we have to go to get to this new version of humanity that I like to call humanity 2.0. And it's also something that resides in each of us to close what I think are the two big calamities in the world today. One is the gap in opportunity. This gap that President Clinton last night called uneven unfair and unsustainable. And out of that comes poverty and the literacy and disease and all these evils that we see around us. But perhaps the other bigger gap is what we call the hope gap. And at some point came up with this very bad idea that an ordinary individual couldn't make a difference in the world. And I think that's just a horrible thing. And so chapter one really begins today with all of us because within each of us is the power to equal those opportunity gaps and to close the hope gaps. And if the men and women of pet can't make a difference in the world I don't know who can. And for me a lot of this start when I was younger and my family used to go camping in upstate New York and there really wasn't much to do there for the summer except getting up by my sister or read books. And so I used to read authors like James Mitchner and James Clevell and Rand and their stories made the world seem very small and interconnected place. And it struck me that if I could write stories that were that were about this world as being small and interconnected that maybe I could get people interested in the issues that affected us all and maybe engage them to make a difference. I didn't think that was necessarily the best way to make a living so I decided to go on a path to become financially independent so I could write these stories as quickly as I could. I then had a bit of a wake up call when I was 14 and my dad came home one day and announced that he had cancer. And it looked like I was going to be a doctor. I was going to be a doctor.