 I've developed here is actually high resolution, low cost, and probably most importantly, very scalable. So the technology isn't the most exciting thing here right now, other than probably it's newfound accessibility. What's really interesting here is kind of what you can do with it, and kind of interfaces you can build on top of it. Let's see. So for instance, we have a lava lamp application here. Now you can see, it can use both of my hands to kind of squeeze together and put blocks together. I can inject heat into the system here, or I can pull it apart with two of my fingers. It's completely intuitive. There's no instruction manual in interface just kind of disappears. This started out as kind of a screen-series wrap that one of the PhD students in our lab, Elie Rosenberg, made. But I think it's true identity comes out here. Now what's great about a multi-touch sensor is that I could be doing this with as many fingers here. But of course, multi-touch also inherently means multi-user. So Chris could be out here interacting with another part of lava lamp, I can play around with it here. You can imagine a kind of new kind of sculpting tool where I'm kind of warming something up, kind of making it malleable, and then kind of letting it cool down and solidifying a certain state. Google should have something like this in their lobby. I'll show you something a little more of a concrete example here as this thing loads. Now this is a foot from our light box application. Again, I can use both my hands to kind of interact and move photos around. But what's even cooler is that if I have two fingers, I kind of should grab a photo and then stretch it out like that really easily. And pan-zombin rotated half-realistically. I can do that grossly with both of my hands or if I can do it just two fingers on each of my hands together. If I grab the canvas, I can kind of do the same thing, stretch it out. I can do it simultaneously where I'm holding this down and gripping another one, stretching this out like this. Again, the interface just disappears here. There's no manual. This is exactly what you kind of expect, especially if you haven't interacted with a computer before. Now, when you have initiatives like 100 all-optop, I kind of cringe at the idea that we're going to introduce a whole new generation of people to computing with kind of this standard mouse and Windows pointer interface. This is something that I think is really the way we should interact and move the machine from this point on. Of course, I can bring up a keyboard. And I can bring that around, put that up there. Now, obviously, this is kind of a scanning keyboard, but of course, I can rescale it to make it work well for my hands. And that's really important because there's no reason in this day and age that we should be conforming to a physical device. I mean, that's not least bad things like RSI. I mean, we have so much technology nowadays that these interfaces start to disappear.