 because the water was so clear and you could see so far and film was so slow in the 1960s and early 70s, you took pictures in black and white. The other thing that shows you is that although there's this beautiful forest coral, there are no fish in that picture. Those reefs at Discovery Bay, Jamaica were the most studied coral reefs in the world for 20 years. We were the best in the brightest people came to study our reefs from Australia, which was sort of funny because now we go to theirs and the view of scientists about how coral reefs worked, how they ought to be was based on these reefs without any fish. Then in 1980, there was a hurricane, Hurricane Allen. I put half the lab up in my house, the wind blew very strong, the waves were 25 to 50 feet high and the reefs disappeared and new islands formed and we thought, well, we're real smart. We know that hurricanes have always happened in the past and we publish the paper in Science the first time that anybody ever described the destruction on the coral reef by a major hurricane and we predicted what would happen and we got it all wrong. The reason was because of overfishing and the fact that the last common grazer, a sea urchin, died and within a few months after that sea urchin dying, the sea weed started to grow and that is the same reef and that's the same reef 15 years ago. That's the same reef today. The coral reefs of the north coast of Jamaica have a few percent live coral cover and a lot of seaweed and slime and that's more or less the story of the coral reefs of the Caribbean and increasingly tragically the coral reefs will worldwide. Now that's my little depressing story. All of us in our 60s and 70s have comparable depressing stories. There are tens of thousands of those stories out there and it's really hard to conjure up much of a sense of well-being because it just keeps getting worse and the reason it keeps getting worse is that after a natural catastrophe like a hurricane, it used to be that there was some kind of successful sequence of recovery but what's going on now is that overfishing and pollution and climate change are all interacting in a way that prevents that and so I'm going to sort of go through and talk about those three kinds of things. We hear a lot about the collapse of pod. It's difficult to imagine that two or some historians