 I started thinking about why do I do any of what I do and I started thinking about my grandfather. I loved my grandfather. Harry Kelvin was his name, my mother's father. He died in 1986. He was an amazing guy. And one of the reasons he was amazing, after World War II, he began an electronics company. He started selling surplus parts, kits to schools and stuff. So he had this incredible curiosity. As a kid, I saw him come over to me with radios and telephones and all sorts of things. And he'd open them up. He'd unscrew them and reveal the inner workings, which many of us I'm sure take for granted. But it's an amazing gift to give a kid, to open up this thing and show how it works and why it works and what it is. He was the ultimate deconstructor in many ways. And my grandfather was a kind of guy who would not only take things apart, but he got me interested in all sorts of different crafts, like printing, like the letterpress. I'm obsessed with printing. I'm obsessed with silk screening and book binding and box making. And when I was a kid, I was always taking apart boxes and stuff. And last night in the hotel, I took a part in the Kleenex box. I was just looking at it. And I'm telling you, this... It's a beautiful thing. I swear to God. I mean, when you look at the box and you sort of see how it works. And I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading these books for years and I've been reading to be a 10 year old kid that acts to a camera and you know the so generous I couldn't believe it. He wasn't doing it entirely without some manipulation I mean I would call him and I'd be like listen Grandpa, I really need this camera you understand this is like I really want to make movies I'll get invited to Ted one day this is like we and my grandmother was the greatest because she would be like she could get on the phone and she would be like Harry better than the drugs. He should be through it, he should be fantastic. So I felt myself getting this stuff, thanks for her assist, and suddenly, you know, I had a set the size of her when I was 14 years old, this kind of stuff. And it let me make things, which to me was sort of the dream. He's sort of humid my obsessions with other things too, like magic. The thing is we go to this magic store in New York City called Lutana's Magic. It was this great magic store. It was a crappy little building in Midtown, but you'd be in the elevator, the elevator would open. There'd be this little small magic store, you'd be in the magic store, and it was just, it was a magical place. I've got all these sort of magic tricks. Oh, here, I'll show you this kind of thing. So it'd be like, you know, right? Which is good, but now I can't move. Now I have to