 You're looking at the outside shell of the virus and the yellow color here are those parts of the virus that are evolving very very fast and the blue parts are not evolving very fast. When people think about making pan viral detection reagents, usually it's this fast evolving problem that's an issue because how can we detect things that are always changing. But evolution is a balance where you have fast change, you also have ultra conservation, things that almost never change. And so we look into this a little more carefully. And I'm going to show you data now. This is just some stuff you can do on the computer from desktop. It took a bunch of these small percorded viruses like the common cold, like polio and so on. And I just broke them down into small segments. And so I took this first example, which is called kaksaki virus, and just break it into small windows. And I'm coloring the small windows blue if another virus shares an identical sequence in its genome to that virus. These sequences right up here, which don't even code for coating by the way, are almost absolutely identical across all of these. So I could use this sequence as a marker to detect a widespread from the viruses without having to make something individual. Now over here, this great diversity, that's where things are evolving fast. Down here you can see slower evolution, less diversity. Now by the time we get out here to let's say a cute bee paralysis virus, probably a bad one to have if you're a bee, this virus shares almost no similarity to kaksaki virus. But I can guarantee you that the sequences that are most conserves among these viruses on the right hand of the screen are an identical regions right up here. And so we can encapsulate these regions of ultra conservation through evolution, how these viruses evolve by just choosing DNA elements or RNA elements in these regions to represent on our chip at detection reagents. Okay, so that's what we did, but how are we going to do that? Well, for a long time, since I was in graduate school, I've been messing around making DNA chips. So that is printing DNA on glass. And that's what you see here, these little salt spots are just DNA tapped on the glass. And so I can put thousands of these on our last chip and use them as a detection region. We took our chip over to heal a packer and used their atomic force microscope on one of these spots. And this is what you see, you can actually see the strands of DNA lying flat on the glass here. So what we're doing is just printing DNA on glass, little flat things. And these are going to be markers for pathogens. Okay, I make little robots and labs to make these chips. And I'm really big on disseminating technology. If you've got enough money to buy just a camera, you can build one of these too. And so we put a deep how-to guide on the web, totally free, with basically order off the shelf parts, you can build a DNA array machine in your garage. Here's the section on the all-important emergency stop switch. Every important machine is kind of have a big red button. But really, it's pretty robust. You can actually be making DNA chips in your garage and decoding some of these.