 study of the red planet. One of the key questions in all of science is their life outside of Earth. I believe that Mars is the most likely target for life outside the Earth. I'm going to show you in a few minutes some amazing measurements that suggest there may be life on Mars. But let me start with the Viking photograph. This is a composite taken by Viking in 1976. Viking was developed and managed at the NASA Langley Research Center. We sent two orbiters and two landers in the summer of 1976. We had four spacecraft around two around Mars, two on the surface, an amazing accomplishment. This is the first photograph taken from the surface of any planet. This is a Viking lander photograph of the surface of Mars. Yes, the red planet is red. Mars is half the size of the Earth, but because two-thirds of the Earth is covered by water, the land area on Mars is comparable to the land area on Earth. So Mars is a pretty big place even though it's only its half the size. We have obtained topographic measurements of the surface of Mars. We understand the elevation differences. We know a lot about Mars. Mars has the largest volcano in the solar system. Olympus Mars has the grand canyon of the solar system, Valus Marinarras. Very, very interesting planet. Mars has the largest impact crater in the solar system. Hell is facing. This is 2,000 miles across. If you happen to be on Mars, when this impactor hit, it was a really bad day on Mars. This is Olympus Mars. This is bigger than the state of Arizona. Volcanoes are important because volcanoes produce atmospheres and they produce oceans. We're looking at Valus Marinarras, the largest canyon in the solar system, superimposed on a map of the United States, 3,000 miles across. One of the most intriguing features about Mars, the National Academy of Sciences, one of the 10 major mysteries of the space age is why certain areas of Mars are so highly magnetized. We call this Preschool magnetism. There are regions on Mars where for some reason we don't understand why, at this point, the surface is very, very highly magnetized. Is there water on Mars? The answer is no. There is no liquid water on the surface of Mars today, but there is intriguing evidence that suggests that the early history of Mars there may have been rivers and fast-flowing water. Today Mars is very, very dry. We believe there's some water. In the polar caps, there are polar caps of North Pole.