 gender and I think that's going to change. Now most media companies, television, radio, publishing, games, you name it, they use very rigid segmentation methods in order to understand their audiences. It's old school demographics. They come up with these very restrictive labels to define us. Now the crazy thing is that media companies believe that if you fall within a certain demographic category then you are predictable in certain ways. You have certain taste but you like certain things and so the bizarre result of this is that most of our popular culture is actually based on these presumptions about our demographics. Age demographics, the 18 to 49 demo, has had a huge impact on all mass media programming in this country since the 1960s when the baby boomers were still young. Now they've aged out of that demographic but it's still the case that powerful ratings companies like Mielsen don't even take into account viewers of television shows over age 54. In our media environment it's as if they don't even exist. Now if you watch Madden and like I do it's a popular TV show in the States. Dr. Fame Miller does something called psychographics which first came about in the 1960s where you create these complex psychological profiles of consumers. The psychographics really haven't had a huge impact on media business. It's really just been basic demographics. So I'm at the Norman Lear Center at USC and we've done a lot of research over the last seven eight years on demographics and how they affect media and entertainment in this country and abroad. And in the last three years we've been looking specifically at social media to see what is change and we've discovered some very interesting things. All the people who participate in social media networks belong to the same old demographic categories that media companies and advertisers have used in order to understand them. But those categories mean even less now than they did before because with online networking tools it's much easier for us to sort of escape some of our demographic boxes. We're able to connect with people quite freely and to sort of redefine ourselves online which can lie about our age online too easily. We can also connect with people based on our very specific interests. We don't need a media company to help do this for us. So the traditional media companies of course are playing very close attention to these online communities. They know this is the mass audience of the future. They need to figure it out but they're having a hard time doing it because they're still trying to use demographics in order to understand them because that's how ad rates are still determined. When they're monitoring your click stream and you know they are they have a really hard time figuring out your age and your gender and your income. They can make some educated