 It's a complexity better. I'm not sure. After what the law of the simplicity, I was very tired of simplicity as you can imagine. And so in my life, I discovered that vacation is the most important skill for any kind of overachiever. Because your companies will always take away your life. They can never take away your vacation in theory. So I went to the Cape last summer to hide from simplicity. And I went to the gap. There's only a black pan. So I went about khaki shorts, whatever. And unfortunately, their branding was all about keep it simple. I opened up a magazine. Vista's branding was business tax simplicity. I developed photographs and codex that keep it simple. So I felt kind of weird. The simplicity was sort of following me around. So I turned on TV. And I don't want TV very much. But in this person, this is a Paris Hilton apparently. And she had to show the simple lives. I watched this. It's not very simple. We're confusing. So I thought about. I look for a different show to watch. So I opened up a TV guide thing. And on each channel, this simplicity, this simple life show is very popular. They'll play it over and over. So it was very short. It was traumatizing, actually. So I wanted to escape again. So when I'm on my car and Cape Cod, very idyllic roads and all of us can drive in this room. And when you drive, these signs are very important. It's a very simple sign. It says road and a road approaching. So I, I wasn't driving alone. Okay. And then I saw this sign. It was here. So I thought complexity was attacking me suddenly. So I thought, simplicity is very important. But then I thought, whoa, simplicity. What would that be like on a beach? What if the sky was 41% gray? Wouldn't that be the perfect sky? If the simplicity sky. But in reality, the sky looked like this. It's a beautiful complex sky. You have the pink, some blues. We can't help but love complexity. Human beings we love, complex, we love relationships. Very complex. We love this kind of stuff. I'm at this place called the Media Lab. Maybe some of you guys have heard of this place. It's designed by I.M. Pay, one of the premier modernist architects. Modernism means white box. And it's a perfect white box. And some of you guys are entrepreneurs, etc. Whatever I was last last month. I was at Google and boy, that cafeteria man. You guys can have things here and Silicon Valley like stock options. So that could be me. We get titles, lots of titles. Last year of Ted, these were my titles. I had a lot of titles. I have a default title as a father of a bunch of daughters. This year I tend to have a happy report that I have new titles. In addition to my previous titles, I'm now the Social Director of Research. And this also happened also. I have five daughters now. That's my baby Rayna. Thank you. And so my life is much more complex than because of the baby actually. But that's okay. We will still stay married, I think. But looking way back when I was a child, you said you're up in a tofu factory in Seattle. I'm going to be in May now.