 There were great programming like tutorials like this. I mean, this was great. It's like a, you know, Herbie the Apple too. It's such a great way to, I mean, they should make Java books like this. And we'd have no problem in a program. This is a great grand time on the computer when it was just a raw, raw, what is it? Kind of an era. And see, this era coincided with my own childhood. I grew up in a tofu factory in Seattle. Who of you grew up in a family business? Suffered the torture, yes, yes. Torture was good, wasn't it good torture? It was life changing. In my life, you know, I was in the tofu, it was a family business. And my mother was a kind of a designer also. She'd make this kind of like wall of tofu cooking. And it would confuse the customers because they all have the restaurant. It's a bad sort of branding thing, whatever. But anyway, that's where I grew up in this little tofu factory in Seattle. And it was kind of like this small room where I kind of grew up. I'm big there in that picture. That's my dad. My dad was kind of like Maghiver. It would invent like race of things heavy. Like back to this like concrete block technology here. And he would need the concrete blocks to press the tofu. Because tofu is actually kind of a liquid type of thing. And so you have to have heavy stuff to push out the liquid and make it hard. Tofu comes out in these big batches. And my father would cut them by hand. I can't tell you family business story. You'd understand this. My father was the most sincere man possible. He walked into a safe way once. On a rainy day, slip, broke his arm, rushed out and you want an inconvenience safe way. So instead, you know, my father's like arms broken for two weeks in the store. And that week, those two weeks when my older brother and I had to do everything. And that was torture, real torture. Because you see, we don't meet see my father taking the big block of tofu and cutting it like knife in. Zap, zap, zap. It's a wow. So the first time I did it, I went, whoa, this bad blocks. But anyways, the tofu to me was kind of my origin basically. And because the working in the store was so hard, I liked going to school. It was like heaven. And I was really good at school. So when I got to MIT, you know, and as most of you were creatives, your parents all told you not to be creative, right? So the same way, you know, I was good at art, good at math. My father says he's done the good at math. I went to MIT, did my math. But I had this wonderful opportunity because computers had just become visual. The Apple, the Macintosh just came out. I had a Mac in hand when I went to MIT. And it was a time when a guy who kind of could floss the two sides, it was a busy day time. And so I remember that my first major piece of software was a direct copy of then Aldous PageMeghan. I made a desktop publishing system way back when. And that was kind of my first step into figuring out how to...