 Back in the 30s, Judge, coaches and athletic teams, if you won them all, you were considered to be reasonably successful. Not completely, because I found out that we had a number of years at UCLA where we did it as a game, but it seemed that we didn't win each individual game with the margin. The sum of our alumni had predicted, and quite frequently, I really felt that they had backed up their predictions in a more maturedistic manner. But I was true back in the 30s, so I understood that. So I didn't like that. I didn't agree with it. And I wanted to come up with something that I hope could make me a better teacher and give the youngsters under my supervision whether it be an athletics or an English classroom, something which to aspire other than just a higher mark. The classroom were more points in some athletic contest. I thought about that for quite a spell. And I wanted to come up with my own definition. I thought that might help. And I knew how Mr. Webster defined it as the accumulation of material possessions or the attainment of position of power prestige or something. Of that sort were the accomplishments perhaps, but in my opinion, not necessarily indicative of success. So I wanted to come up with something of my own. And I recall the eyes raised on small farms in Southern India, and I'm dead, tried to teach me of my brothers that you should never try to be better than someone else. I'm sure at the time he did that, I didn't. Well, somewhere I guess in the hidden recess of the mind, he popped out years later. Never try to be better than someone else. Always learn from others. And never cease trying to be the best you could be. That's under your control. And if you get too engrossed and involved and concerned in regarding things over which you have no control, it will adversely affect the things over which you have control. Then I ran across this simple verse that said, at God's footstool to confess a poor soul and out and bowed his head, I failed he cried. The master said, now it's thy best. That is success. From those things and one other perhaps, I coined my own definition of success, which is peace of mind, attain only through self satisfaction and knowing, you made the effort to do the best of which you're capable. I believe that's true. If you make the effort to do the best of you, put your capon trying to improve the situation that exists for you, I think that's success. And I don't think others can judge it. And I think it's like character and reputation. Your reputation is what you're perceived to be. Your character is what you really are. And I think the character is much more important than what you are perceived to be. You would hope they'd both be good, but they not necessarily be the same. Well, that was my idea. The one I was going to try and get across the young. Since I ran across other things, I love to teach. And it was mentioned by the previous speaker that I enjoyed poetry and I dabble in it. They're loving. There's some things that help me. I think be better than it would have been. I know now what ought to be. Now I want to show you.