 with slits from Outs. Still, America had gone saucer mad, even famous scientists who were eating lunch. Fermi's reasoning, if I may paraphrase badly, is that the universe is so vast that it stands to reason. There should be other intelligent life out there, and the universe is so old that unless we were the very first civilization ever to evolve, we should have some evidence of their existence by now. And yet, to the best of our knowledge, we are alone. Where is everybody asked for me? And his colleagues had no answer. Fermi then went on with the same blunt logic to disprove Ferries, Sasquatch, God, the possibility of love, and thereafter, as you know, Enrico Fermi ate alone. Now, I am not a scientist. I have never built an atomic pile, although I might argue that technically every pile is atomic. However, with respect, I might point out two possibilities that Enrico Fermi perhaps did not consider. One, is that the aliens might be very far away. Perhaps, I dare say, even on other planets. The other possibility is perhaps Enrico Fermi himself was an alien. Think about it. Isn't it a little convenience than in the midst of the World War, out of nowhere, suddenly an Italian scientist showed up? With an amazing new technology that would transform everything in the world and darken our history of human species forever after? And isn't it a little strange that he required no payment for this? That he asked for only one thing, a gift of two healthy sperm whales? That's not true. But it is strange. And if Enrico Fermi was indeed a space alien, wouldn't he be the first to try to convince his fellow scientists that the space aliens are not already here? For, it is given in certain UFO-ology or euphology circles that the aliens are already here and have been for millennia, that they have walked among us in disguise, observing us, guiding our evolution from ape to man, if you believe in that sort of thing. And occasionally kidnapping us in their flying saucers and taking us away to have sex with us in pyramids. It's a difficult theory to discounts. I think you'll agree. For even in my own life, there are memories I have that are difficult to explain, happenings that are so odd and unaccountably weird, but it is difficult to imagine they were not the result.