 But I think we're looking for something more. We're looking for something more. We're looking for images that shine an uncompromising light on crucial issues. Images that transcend borders, that transcend religions, images that provoke us to step up and do something. In other words, to act. For this image, you've all seen. It changed our view of the physical world. We had never seen our planet from this perspective before. Many people credit a lot of the birth of the environmental movement to our seeing the planet like this for the first time. Its smallness, its fragility. Forty years later, this group, more than most, are well aware of the destructive power that our species can wield over our environment. At last, we appear to be doing something about it. This destructive power takes many different forms. For example, these images taken by Brent Sturton in the Congo. These guerrillas were murdered, some would even say crucified, and unsurprisingly, they sparked international outrage. Most recently, we've been tragically reminded of the destructive power of nature itself, the recent earthquake in Haiti. But I think that it's far worse is man's destructive power over man. Samuel Pizarra, an Auschwitz survivor, said, and I'll quote him, the Holocaust teaches us that nature, even in its cruellest moments, is benign in comparison with man when he loses his moral compass and his reason. Here's another kind of crucifixion. The horrifying images from Abu Ghraib, as well as the images from one tournament, had a profound impact. The publication of those images, as opposed to the images themselves, caused a government to change its policies. Some would argue that it is those images that did more to fuel the insurgency in Iraq than virtually any other single act. Furthermore, those images forever removed the so-called moral high ground of the occupying forces. Let's go back a little. In the 1960s and 1970s, the Vietnam War was basically shown in America's living rooms day in day out. News photos brought people face to face with the victims of the war, a little girl burned by a napalm. A student killed by the National Guard at Kent State University in Ohio during a protest. In fact, these images became the voices of protest themselves. Now, images have power to shed light of understanding on suspicion, ignorance, and in particular, I've given a lot of talks on this, but I'll just show one image. The issue of HIV-8s. In the 1980s, the stigmatization of people with a disease was an enormous barrier to even discussing or regressing it. A simple act in 1987 of the most famous woman in the world, the Princess of Wales, touching an HIV-8s infected baby. Did a great deal, especially in Europe, to stop there. Be better than most. New the power of an HIV-8.