 guys were the treated like a commodity where people don't care who makes them. They just care about three things and three things only price price and price. Now there's an antidote to commodization and that is customization. My first book was called Mass Customization and it came up a couple of times yesterday and how I discovered this progression of economic value was realizing that customizing a good automatically turned it into a service because it was done just for a particular person because it wasn't inventory that was delivered on demand to that individual person. So we moved from an industrial economy to a service based economy. Over the past 10 or 20 years, what's happened is that services are being commoditized as well. Long distance telephone service sold on price price price fast due restaurants with other value pricing and even the internet is commoditizing not just goods but services as well. What that means is that it's time to move to a new level of economic value. Time to go beyond the goods and the services and using the same neuristic what happens when you customize a service? What happens you design a service that is so appropriate in particular person? That's exactly what they needed this moment in time. Then you can't help but make them go wow. You can't help but turn into a memorable event. You can't help but turn into an experience. So we're shifting to an experience economy where experiences are becoming the predominant economic offering. Now most places that I talk to when I talk about experience, I talk about Disney and the world's premier experience stage. I talk about scene restaurants and experiential retail and boutique hotels in Las Vegas. The experience capital of the world. But here when you think about experiences, think about Tom Stolvin and his group playing music. Think about meaningful places. Think about drinking wine about a journey to the clock of the long now. Those are all experiences. Think about Ted itself. The experience capital in the world of conferences. All of these are experiences. Now the last several years I spent a lot of time in Europe and particularly in the Netherlands. Whenever I talk about the experience economy there, I'm always greeted at the end with one particular question, almost invariably. And the question isn't really so much a question as an accusation. And the Dutch when they usually put it, it always starts with the same two words. In other words, I mean, you Americans. I say you Americans, you like your fantasy environments, your fake, your Disney land experiences. I say we Dutch. We like real, natural, authentic experiences. So much so that happened as a development fairly practice response, which is I point out that first of all, you have to understand that there is no such thing as an inauthentic experience. Why? Because the experience happens inside of us. It's our reaction to the events or stage in front of us. So as long as we are in any sense authentic human beings and every experience we have is authentic. Now there may be