 The Wont Health Organization estimates, well they make various estimates of a number of people that need glasses. Their lowest estimate is 150 million people. They also have an estimate of around billion. But in fact, I would argue that we've just done an experiment here and now, which shows us that the global need for corrective eyewear is around half of any population. And the problem of poor vision is actually not just a health problem, it's also an educational problem and it's an economic problem and it's a quality of life problem. Glasses are not very expensive, they're quite plentiful. The problem is that there aren't enough eye care professionals in the world to use the model of the delivery of corrective eyewear that we have in the developed world. We're just waiting for you eye care professionals. So this little slide here shows you an optometrist and the little blue person represents about 10,000 people and that's the ratio in the UK. This is the ratio of optometrists to people in Sub-Saharan Africa. In fact, there are some countries in Sub-Saharan Africa where there's one optometrist for 8 million of the population. How do you do this? How do you solve this problem? I came up with a solution to this problem and I came up with a solution based on adaptive optics for this and the idea is you make eye glasses and you adjust them yourself and that solves the problem. What I want to do is to show you that one can make a pair of glasses and I shall just show you how you make pair of glasses and pop this in my pocket. I'm short-sighted. I look at these signs at the end I can hardly see them. So okay, I can now see that man running out there and I can see that guy running out there. Okay, I've now made prescription eyewear to my prescription. Next step in my process, I am sorry, now made eye glasses to my prescription. Okay, so I've made these glasses and okay, I've made the glasses to my prescription and I've just removed and now I've now made some glasses. That's it. Now, these