 for decorative purposes only. Now, who do we have to blame? We can only blame ourselves. Over the last 50 years, the design and construction industry has gotten much more complex, has gotten much more of the tips. We are architects or powers. And so as we have faced liability, we have stepped back and back. And unfortunately, where there is liability, guess what there is? Power. So eventually, we have found ourselves in a totally marginalized position way over here. Now, what did we do? We're cowards, but we're smart cowards. And so we redefined this marginalized position as the place of architecture. We announced, hey, architecture, it's over here. In this autonomous language, we're going to seed control of processes. And we are going to do something that was horrible for the profession. We actually created an artificial schism between creation and execution, as if you could actually create well out knowing how to execute, if you could actually execute without knowing how to do it. Now, something else happened. And that's what we began to sell the world that architecture was created by individuals creating genius sketches. And that the incredible amount of effort to deliver those sketches for years and years and years is not only something to be derided, but we would merely write it off as merely execution. Now, I'd argue that that is as absurd as stating that 30 minutes of copulation is the creative act and nine months of gestation. And God forbid, 24 hours of child labor is merely execution. So what do we architects need to do? We need to stitch back creation and execution. And we need to start offering processes again, instead of offering objects. Now, if we do this, I believe we can go back 50 years and start re-injecting agency, social engineering, back into architecture. Now, there are all kinds of things that we architects need to learn how to do, like managing contracts, learning how to write contracts, understanding procurement processes, understanding the time value of money and cost estimation. But I'm going to reduce this to the beginning of the process into three very pedantic statements. The first is take core positions with your client. I know it's shocking. Architectural actually said that. The second position is actually take positions. Take joint positions with your client. This is a moment in which you as the architect and your client can begin to inject vision and agency. But it has to be done together. And then only after this is done, are you allowed to do this? Begin to put forward architectural manifestations that manifest those positions. And both owner and architect alike are empowered to critique those manifestations based on the positions it should take. Now, I believe it's one really amazing thing will happen if you do this. I'd like to call it the lost art of productively losing control.