 So I spent the next 10 years reading about pros in my spare time. And after 10 years of this, my wife eventually said, look, you got to do this thing you've been talking about in the build of an machine. So I did. But part of the reason that I found this interesting is that I started noticing that we are very aware of all the species that are going extinct on the planet as a result of human habitation expansion. And no one seems to be paying attention to all the species that are actually living. They're surviving. And I'm talking specifically about syn ontropic species, which are species that have adapted specifically for human ecology, species like rats and cockroaches and pros. And as I started looking at them, I was finding that they had hyper-adapted. They become extremely adapted living with us. And in return, we just tried to kill them all the time. And in doing so, we were breeding them for parasitism. We were giving them all sorts of reasons to adapt new ways. So for example, rats are incredibly responsive breeders and cockroaches, as anyone who's tried to get rid of them knows, have become really immune to the poisons that we're using. So I thought, let's build something that's mutually beneficial. Well, let's build something that we can both benefit from and find somewhere to make a new relationship with these species. And so I built a vending machine. But the story of vending machine is a little more interesting if you know more about crows. It turns out that crows aren't just surviving with human beings. They're actually really thriving. We're found everywhere on the planet, except with the Arctic and the southern tip of South America. And in all that area, they're only rarely found breeding more than five kilometers away from human beings. So we may not think about them, but they're always around. And not surprisingly, given the human population growth more than half of the human populations living in cities now and out of those nine tens of the human growth population is occurring in cities, we're seeing a population boom with crows. So bird counts are indicating that we might be seeing up to exponential growth in their numbers. That's no great surprise. But what was really interesting to me was to find out that the birds were adapting them pretty unusual way. And I'll give you an example of that. So this is Betty. She's a new caledonian crow. And these crows use sticks in the wild to get insects and whatnot out of pieces of wood. Here she's trying to get a piece of meat out of a tube. But the researchers had a problem. They messed up and left just a stick of wire in there. And she hadn't had up to you to do this before you see it wasn't working very well. So she adapted. And this is completely unprompted. She had never seen this done before. No one taught her to then this into a hook, no one had shown how it could happen. But she did it all on her own. So keep in mind that she's never seen this done. Right. Right. Yeah. Ah. So that's the part where the researchers freak out. So it turns out we've been finding more and more that crows are really intelligent. The brains are proportionate.