 a sketch that his minions carry out. And the third is that it challenges, and this is in this, the length of this, very hard to support why connect all these things, but it challenges the high modernist notion of flexibility. High modernists said we will create sort of singular spaces that are generic, almost anything can happen within them. I call it sort of shotgun flexibility, turn your head this way, shoot, and you're bound to kill something. So this is the promise of high modernism within a single space, actually any kind of activity can happen. But as we're seeing operational costs are starting to dwarf capital costs in terms of design parameters. So with this sort of idea, what happens is whatever actually is in the building an opening day or whatever seems to be most immediate need, starts to dwarf the possibility and sort of subsume it of anything else could ever happen. So we're proposing a different kind of flexibility, something we call compartmentalized flexibility. The idea is that within that continuum identify a series of points, you design specifically to them, they can be pushed off center a little bit, but in the end you actually still get as much of that original spectrum as you originally had hoped with high modernispeccibility that doesn't really work. So I'm going to talk about, I'm going to sort of build up this yellow central library in this way before your eyes, and that five or six diagrams, and I truly mean this is the design process that you're seeing. With the library staff and the library board, we settled on two core positions. This is the first one, and this is showing over the last 90 years the evolution of the book and other technologies. This diagram was our sort of position piece about the book, and our position was books are technology, something people forget. But it's a form of technology that will have to share its dominance with any other form of truly potent technology or medium. The second premise, and this was something that was very difficult for us to convince the library ends of it first, is that libraries, since the inception of Carnegie Library, tradition in America, had a second responsibility, and that was for social roles. Now this I'll come back to later, something actually librarians that first said, no, this isn't our mandate, our mandate is media in particular the book. So what you're seeing now is actually the design of the building. The upper diagram is what we had seen, a whole host of contemporary libraries that used high modernispeccibility, sort of any activity could happen anywhere, we don't know the future of the library, we don't know the future of the book. And so we'll use this approach. What we saw were buildings that were very generic, and worse, not only do you see buildings that were very generic, so not only was the reading room, the copy room, the magazine area, but it meant that whatever issue was troubling the library at that moment, starting to engulf every other activity that was happening. In this case, I was getting engulfed for these social responsibilities by the expansion of the book. And so we proposed what's at the lower diagram, very dumb approach, simply compartmentalize, put those things whose evolution we could predict. And I don't mean that we could say what would actually happen if we were to