 years. And in the measure that we plant stuff, what we learn from agriculture is you've got to deal with pests, you've got to deal with all types of awful things, you've got to cultivate stuff, you've got to measure that you learn how to use water to cultivate, then you're going to be able to spread beyond the Nile. You're going to be able to power stuff, so irrigation makes a difference. Irrigation starts to make you be allowed to plant stuff where you want it as opposed to where the river's flood. You start getting this organic agriculture, you start putting machinery onto this stuff, machinery with a whole bunch of water, it needs to very large scale agriculture, you put together machines and water and you get landscapes that look like this, and then you get sales that look like this. It's brute force. So what you've been doing agriculture is you start up with something that's a reasonably natural system, you start painting that natural system, you put a lot of force behind that natural system, you put a whole bunch of pesticides and herbicides, behind that natural system, and you end up with systems that look like this. And it's all brute force. And that's the way we've been approaching energy. So the lesson in agriculture is that you can actually change the system that's based on brute force as you start merging that system and learning that system and actually applying biology. And you move from a discipline of engineering, you move from a discipline of chemistry into a discipline of biology, and probably one of the single most important human beings on the planet is this guy behind me. This is a guy called Norman Bullock, he won the Nobel Prize, he's got the Congressional Medal of Honor, he deserves all this stuff, and he deserves this stuff because he probably has fed more people than any other human being alive because he researched how to put biology behind seeds. He did this in Mexico, the reason why India and China no longer have these massive famines is because Norman Bullock taught them how to grow grains in a more efficient way and launch the green revolution. That is something a lot of people have criticized, but of course those are people who don't realize that China and India instead of having huge amounts of star-wing people are exporting grains. And the irony of this particular system is the place where he did the research, which was Mexico, didn't adopt this technology, ignored this technology, talked about why this technology should be thought about but not really applied, and Mexico remains one of the largest grain importers on the planet because it doesn't apply technology that was discovered in Mexico and in fact has recognized this man to the point where there are statues of this man all over Mexico, there are in China and India, and the institute that this guy ran has now moved to India. That is the difference between