 And we're just beginning to understand this. And this is the single most exciting adventure that we have ever been on. This is the single greatest mapping project we've ever been on. If you think that the map of America has made a difference, we're landing on the moon, we're just other stuff. It's the map of ourselves and the map of our replant, every insect, and every bacteria. That really makes a difference. And it's beginning to tell us a lot about evolution. It turns out what this stuff is and Richard Dawkins has written about this. This is a really river out of Eden. So the 3.2 billion base bears inside each of yourselves is really a history of where you've been for the past billion years. And we can start dating things and we can start changing medicine and archaeology. It turns out that if you take the human species about 700 years ago, white Europeans diverged from black Africans in a very significant way. White Europeans were subject to the plague. And when they were subject to the plague, most people didn't survive, but those who survived, had a mutation on the CCR5 receptor. That mutation was passed on to their kids because they were the ones who survived, so it was a great deal population pressure. In Africa because you didn't have these cities, you didn't have that CCR5 population pressure mutation. You can date it to 700 years ago. That is one of the reasons why AIDS is raging across Africa as fast as it is and not as fast across Europe. And we're beginning to find these little things from malaria, for sickle cell, for cancers. And in the measure that we map ourselves, this is the single greatest adventure that will ever be on. And this Friday, I want you to pull out a really good bottle of wine. And I want you to toast these two people. Because this Friday, 50 years ago, lots of an impact fund structure at DNA. And that is almost as important a date as the 12th of February when we first mapped ourselves. But anyway, we'll get to that. I thought we'd talk about the new zoo. So all you guys have heard about DNA, all the stuff that DNA does, but it's almost up for discovering it's kind of nifty because this turns out to be the single most abundant species on the planet. If you think you're successful or cockroaches are successful, it turns out that there is 10 trillion trillion or a cockroach sitting up. And we didn't know that the clock is just out, which is part of the reason why this all species mapping, or mapping project is so important because we're just beginning to learn where we came from and what we are. And we're finding a mebos like this. This is maybe a doobie. They may but doobie doesn't look like much. Except that each of you has about 3.2 billion letters, which is what makes you you as far as gene code inside each yourself. And this little meba, which you know sits in water and hundreds of million billions, turns out to have 620 billion base pairs of gene code inside. So this little thing,