 body is stuck to one of these things on a cell. It means that's food. Now I was thinking about that. So if you know if we've got this immune response to this ridiculous molecule that we don't make, and we see it a lot in other animal stuff. But I said, what? We can't get rid of it because all the people are trying to transplant heart valves found out. You can't get rid of that immunity. I said, why don't you use that? What if I could stick this molecule slap it onto a bacteria that was pathogenic to me that just invaded my lungs? I mean, I could immediately tap into an immune system that was there, or it was not going to take five or six days to develop it. It was going to immediately attack whatever this thing was on. It was kind of like the same thing happens when you're getting stuck, you're a traffic to get an L.A. in the cop drops of bag of marijuana in the back of your car and in charge of the sessions marijuana. It's like very fast, very efficient way to get people off the street. And it's like, so you could take a bacteria that really doesn't make these things at all. And if you could clamp these on it really well, you had it taken off the street. And for certain bacteria, we don't have really efficient ways to do that anymore. Antibiotics are running out. And I mean, the world apparently is running out. Two of us have probably it doesn't matter whether it's in 50 years or now, strip cockass and stuff like that will be rampant because we won't be here. But if we are, we're going to need something to do with bacteria. So I started working with this thing with a bunch of collaborators and trying to attach this to things that would themselves attach to certain specific targets on bacteria that we don't like. And I feel now like George Bush. He said, mission accomplished. So I might be doing something dumb, just like he was doing at the time. But basically what I was talking about there, we've now got work and it's killing bacteria. It's eating them. This thing can be stuck like this is that little green triangle up there, sort of symbolizing this right now. You can stick this to a something called a DNA Optimer. And that DNA Optimer will attach specifically to a target that you have selected. Or so you can find a little feature on a bacteria and that you don't like. Like Staphoy says, I don't like it in particular because it killed a professor from the mine last year. It doesn't respond to antibiotics. So I don't want to get it. And I'm making an Optimer that will have this attached to it and that will know how to find staph in your body and will alert your immune system to go after it. Here's what happened. See that line on the very top with the little dots? That's a bunch of mice that had been poisoned by our scientists friends down in Texas at Brooks Airbase with anthrax. And they had also been treated a drug that we made that would attack anthrax, in