 And it's really kind of a complex urban population, rising, biodiversity, plummeting, and also, of course, sea levels, rising and climate changing. So when I also think about design, I think about trying to rework and re-engage the lines on these graphs, on this graph in a more productive way. And you can see from the arrow here indicating you are here. I'm trying to really blend and meld these two very divergent fields of urbanism and ecology and bring it together in an exciting new way. So the era of big infrastructure is over. I mean, these top-down, monofunctional, capital intensive solutions are really not going to cut it. We need new tools and new approaches. Similarly, the idea of architecture as this object in the field to devoid of context is really not the excuse me. It's fairly blatant. It's really not the sort of approach that we need to take. So we need new stories, new heroes, and new tools. So now I want to introduce you to my new hero and the sort of global climate change war. And that is the Eastern oyster. So albeit a very small creature and very modest, this creature is incredible because it can agglomrate into these kind of mega-reaf structures. It can grow. You can grow it. And did I mention it's quite tasty. So the oyster was the basis for a kind of a manifesto-like urban design project that I did about the New York Harbor called oyster texture. And sort of the core idea of oyster texture is to harness the biological power of muscles, eel grass, and oysters, species that live in the harbor. And at the same time, sort of harness the power of people who live in the community towards making change now. Here's a map of my city, New York City, with showing in a nation and red. And what circled is the site that I'm going to talk about, the Guanas Canal and Governor's Island. If you look here at this map showing everything in blue is sort of out in the water. And everything in yellow is upland. But you can see even just like into it from this map that the harbor has sort of been dredged and flattened and went from a rich three-dimensional mosaic to kind of flattened muck in really a matter of years. Another set of views of actually the Guanas Canal itself. Now the Guanas is particularly smelly. I will admit it, there are problems of sewage overflow and contamination. But I would also argue that almost every city has this exact condition. And it's a condition that we're all facing. And here's a map of that condition showing the contaminants and yellow and green, exacerbated by this new flow of storm search and sea level rise. So we really had a lot to deal with. When we started this project, one of the core ideas was to look back in history.