 We spent a long time thinking about why this is, and it's just recently that we realized when we see something unexpected, it changes our understanding of the way things work. As you're seeing this gel magnet for the first time, if you assume that all magnets had to be hard, then seeing this surprise view in a change your understanding of the way magnets could work. Now, it's important to understand what the unexpected properties are, but to really think about the implications of what this makes possible, we found that it helps to think about how it could be applied in the world. So, our first idea is to use it on cabinet doors. If you line the sides of the cabinets using the gel material, if a cabinet's slam shut, it wouldn't make a loud noise, and in addition, the magnets would draw the cabinets closed. Imagine taking the same material, we're putting it on the bottom of the sneaker. You know, this way you could go to the container store and buy one of those metal sheets that they hang on the back of your door in your closet, and you could literally stick your shoes up instead of using a shelf. For me, I really love this idea. If you come to my apartment and see my closet, I'm sure you figure out why. It's a must. Seeing the unexpected properties and then seeing a couple applications, it helps you see why this is significant, kind of what the potential is, but we've found that the way we present our ideas, it makes a big difference. It was like six months ago, the Keith and I were out in LA, and we were at Starbucks having coffee with Roman Coppola. He works on mostly music videos and commercials with his company, The Directors' Bureau. But like as we were talking, Roman told us that he's kind of in venture on the side, and we were showing him the same gel magnet that you're holding in your hand, and you know, we share the same ideas, and you could see it in his space, Roman starts to get really excited, and he whips out his Manila folder. He opens it up and Keith and I look in, and he starts showing us concepts that he's been working on. These things just get him really excited. And so we're looking at these concepts, and we were just like, whoa, this guy's good, because like the way that he presented the concepts, his approach was totally different than ours. He sold it to you as if it was for sale right now. When we were going in the car back to the airport, we were thinking like, why was this so powerful? And as we thought about it more, we realized it let you fill in all the details about the experience, like just like as if you saw it on TV. So for Ted, we decided to take our favorite idea for the gel magnet, and work with Roman and his team of the Directors' Bureau, to create a commercial for a product, a product in the future. We have a new for-see in Red Bull's Water Ventures days, to watch yourself on a magnetically levitating board down a water slide so fast, so tall that when you hit the bottom, it uses race to stop.