 Yours are the other way around, so swap around. Excellent, okay. Extend your fingers like this for me. All right, tap them together once. Okay, now, if you did not allow me to deceive your minds, you would all be able to do this. So now you can see how easy it is for me to manipulate human mind once you know how. Now I remember when I was about 15, I read a copy of Life magazine, which detailed a story about a 75-year-old blind Russian woman who could sense printed letters to still people trying to do it here. Who could sense printed letters, not even sense colors, just by touch, and she was completely blind. She could also read the serial numbers on bills when they were placed face down in the heart surface. Now it's fascinated, but at the same time, skeptical. Have with somebody read using their fingertips. You know, if you actually think about it, if somebody's totally blind, a guy yesterday did a demonstration of the room for people that could close their eyes, and they could just hear things. And it's just really weird thing to try and figure out how could somebody read using their fingertips. Now, earlier on as part of a TV show that I've come up on MTV, I attempted to give a similar demonstration of what is now known as Second Site. So let's take a look. How good you want to go? Okay, people go. How are you? Kevin's key here. I want to take you to see if it's okay. There's no way you can see through that blindfolded hall. I'll say my name, let them. No, you're okay, yes. There's no way you can have seen through it. No. Okay, I'm just going to take it off. You're okay. Do you want to take off the other partner? You want to take it off? You're okay. I'm so excited. I'm just going to take off for a second. I know you're fine. You're fine. Take it off. You're okay. You're safe. I've never heard of Second Site. Second Site is where by a mind control expert and see through somebody else's eyes, I'm going to try that right there. getting out walk no no no sure is not