 six times, four times I did work with National Geographic, making tectonic plate measurements. Twice I went with NASA doing remote sensing devices. It was on my fourth trip to Everest that a comet passed over the mountain, Hayaku Taki, and these sherpas told us then that that was a very bad omen, and we should have listened to them. Everest is a extreme environment. There's only one-third as much oxygen to the summit as there is in sea level. Near the summit temperatures can be 40 degrees below zero. You can have winds 20 to 40 miles an hour. It's actually a windshield factor which is lower than a summer day on Mars. I remember one time being up near the summit. I reached into my down jacket for a drink from my water bottle, inside my down jacket, only to discover that the water was already frozen solid. That gives you an idea of just how severe things are near the summit. Okay, this is the root up Everest. It's a started base camp. At 17,500 feet, camp 1, 2000 feet higher, camp 2, another 2000 feet higher, what's called the Western Cooom. Camp 3 is at the base of Losi, which is the 4th highest mountain in the world, but it's wafted by Everest. And then camp 4 is the highest camp that's 3,000 feet short of the summit. This is a view of base camp. This is pitched on a glacier at 17,500 feet. It's the highest point you can bring your yaks before you have to unload. And this is what they unloaded for me. I had 4 yaks loads of medical supplies, which were dumped in a tent, and here I am trying to arrange things. This was our expedition. It was a National Geographic expedition, but it was organized by the Explorers Club. There were 3 other expeditions on the mountain. American team, a New Zealand team, and an IMAX team. And after actually 2 months of preparation, we built our camps. While we up the mountain, this is a view of looking up the ice fall, the first 2,000 feet of the climb up from base camp. And here's a picture in the ice fall. It's a waterfall, but it's frozen, but it moves very slowly, and it actually changes every day. When you're in it, you're like a rat in a maze. You can't even see over the top. This is the top of the ice fall. You want to climb through it night when the ice is frozen. That way it's less likely to tumble down on you. These are some climbers reaching the top of the ice fall just in Sun Up. This is me crossing a crevasse. We cross on aluminum ladders and safety ropes attached. As another crevasse, some of these things are 10 stories deep or more. One of my climbing friends says the reason we actually climb at night is because if we have a sort of bottom of what we're climbing over, we would never do it. Okay, this camp won't. So first flat spot you can reach after you get up to the top of the ice fall.