 But when you look at the numbers, arthritis ruins more lives. As soon as you live a long life, there's a 50% chance you'll develop arthritis. And it's not just aging that causes arthritis, common injuries can lead to decades of pain, until our joints quite literally grind to a halt. Desperate for a solution, we've turned to engineering to design artificial components to replace our worn out body parts. But in the midst of a modern buzz around the promises of a bionic body, should we stop and ask if there's a better, more natural way? Let's consider an alternative path. What if all the replacements our bodies need already exist in nature, or within our own stem cells? This is the field of biological placements, where we replace worn out parts with new natural ones. And so, the mission is, how do I treat these things biologically? And let's talk about both what I did for my life and what I've done for hundreds of other patients. First thing for my life, and the most common thing I hear for my patients, particularly in the 40 to 80-year-old age group, the 70-year-old age group, is that come in and say, hey, Doc, isn't there just a shock absorber you can put in my knee, and not ready for joint replacement? And so, for her, I put in a human meniscus aligoptic donor, right into that joint space, and that replaces that. And then, for the unstable ligament, we put in a human donor ligament, stabilize the knee. And then, for the damaged arthritis on the surface, we do a stem cell paste graft, which we designed in 1991, to regrow that particular cartilage surface and give it back a smooth surface there. So, here's my wife's bad knee on the left, and her just hiking now four months later in Aspen and doing well. And it works not just for my wife, but certainly for other patients to grow on the video, Jen, who'd act just one superpipe and Aspen just nine months after having destroyed her knees, you see any other image, and having a paste graft to that knee. And so, we can regrow these surfaces biologically. So, with all this success, why isn't that good enough, you might ask? Well, the reason is, because there's not enough donor cycles, there's not enough young, healthy people falling off their motorcycle and donating that tissue to us, and the tissue is very expensive. And so, that's not going to be a solution for, that's going to get us global with biologic tissue. But the solution is animal tissue, because it's plentiful, it's cheap, you can get it from young healthy tissues, but the barrier is immunology. And the specific barrier is a specific epitope called the Galactic seal or Galapetope. So, if we're going to transplant animal tissues to people, we have to figure out a way to get rid of that epitope. So, my story in working with animal tissues starts in 1984, and I started first with Cal Achilles tendon, where we would take the Cal Achilles tendon, which is type 1 collagen, strip it of its antigen's bike, degrading it with an acid and detergent wash, informing it into a regeneration template.