 father, almost to the point of disinheritance because he decided to educate all four of us. He sent us to one of the best schools in the city and gave us the best education. As I've said, when we born, we don't choose our parents and when we go to school, we don't choose our school. Children don't choose the school. They just get the school which parents choose for them. So this is the foundation time which I got. I grew up like this and so did my other three sisters and my father used to say at that time, I'm going to spread all my four daughters and four corners of the world. I don't know whether he really meant but it happened. I'm the only one who's left in India. One is a British, another is an American, and the third is a Canadian. So we are four of us in four corners of the world. And since I said, they my role models, I followed two things which my father and mother gave you. One, they said, life is on an incline. You either go up or you come down. The second thing which has stayed with me which became my philosophy of life which made all the difference is hundred things happen in your life. Go to bed out of 190, you're creation. They're good. They're your creation. Enjoy it. If they're bad, they're your creation. Learn from it. Ten are nature sent over which you can't do a thing. It's like a death of a relative or a cyclone or a hurricane or an earthquake. You can't think about it. You've got to just respond to the situation. But that response comes out to those 90 points. Since I'm a proditive, this philosophy of 1910 and secondly, life on an incline, that's the way I grew up. I grew up to be, to be valuing what I got. I'm a proditive opportunities, rare opportunities in the fifties and the sixties which girls didn't get. And I was conscious of the fact that what my parents were giving me was something unique because all my best school friends were getting dolled up to get married with a lot of dowry. I was with a tennis racket and going to school and doing all kinds of extra curricular activities. I thought I must tell you this. Why I said this is the background. This is what comes next. I joined the Indian police service as a tough woman, a woman with inti-patigals stamina because I used to run for my tennis titles, etc. But I joined the Indian police service and then it was a new pattern of policing. For me, the policing stood for power to correct, power to prevent and power to detect. This is something like a new definition ever given in policing in India. The power to prevent. Because normally it was always said power to detect and that's it. A power to punish. But I decided no. It's a power to prevent because that's what I'd learned when I was growing up. How do I prevent the tennis and never make it more than tennis? So this is how it came into my service and it was different from the men. I didn't want to make it different from the men but it was different because this was the way I was different and I redefined policing concepts in India. I'm going to take you to two journeys, my policing journey and my prison journey. What you see, if you see the title called