 When as a student of the design college, I encountered a dust, who actually believed in my ideas, challenged me and had lots of cups of tea with me. And I was struck by just how wonderful it felt and how contagious that feeling was. I also realised I should have got infected when I was seven. So when I started Riverside School 10 years ago, it became a lab. A lab to prototype and refine a design process that consciously infect the mind with the eye can body. And I uncovered that if learning is embedded in real world context, that is if you blur the boundaries between school and life, then children go through a journey of aware where they can see the change, enable, be changed, then empower, lead the change. And that directly increased student well-being. Children became more competent and less helpless. But this is all common sense. So I'd like to show you a little glimpse of what common practice looks like at Riverside. A little background. When my grade five was learning about child rights, they were made to roll incense sticks, agar buddies, for eight hours to experience what it means to be a child labor. Transform them. What you will see is their journey and then their utter conviction that they could go out and change the world. And in two hours after their facts broke, they were changed. And once that happened, it went out in the city, convincing everybody that child labor just happened to be abolished. And look at Raghav. That moment when his face changes because he's been able to understand that he has shifted that man's mind. That can happen in a classroom. So when Raghav experiences that, he went from teacher told me to I am doing it. And that's the I can mind. And it is a process that can be energized and nurtured. But we had parents who said, okay, making a children good human beings is already well. But what about math and science and English? She was the grades. And we did. The data was confusing. When children are empowered, not only do they do good, they do well. In fact, very well, as you can see in this national benchmarking assessment taken by over 2000 schools in India, Riverside children were outperforming the top 10 schools in India in math, English and science. So it worked. It was now time to take it outside Riverside. So in August 15, Independence Day 2007, the children of Riverside set out to infect M. The bar. Now it is not about Riverside school. It was about all children. So we were shameless. We walked into the offices of the newspaper corporation, the police, the press.