 covers 50% of the planet. With an average depth of the oceans of 4,000 meters, in fact the high seas covers and provides nearly 80% of the habitat for life on this earth. It is in theory the global commons belonging to us all, but in reality it is managed by and for those who have the resources to go out and exploit it. So today I am going to take you on a voyage to cast light on some of the outdated myths and legends and assumptions that have kept us as the true stakeholders in the high seas in the dark. We are going to voyage to some of these special places that we have been discovering in the past few years to show why we really need to care. And then finally we are going to try to develop and pioneer new perspective on high seas governance that is rooted in ocean-based and wide conservation, but framed in a arena of global norms of precaution and respect. So here is a picture of the high seas as seen from above the area in the Garfer Blue. To me as an international lawyer, this scared me far more than any of the creatures of the mountains we may have seen. For it lies the notion that we can actually protect the ocean, the global ocean, that provides us all with carbon storage, with heat storage with oxygen if you can only protect 36 percent. This is indeed the true heart of the planet. Some of the problems that we have to confront are that the current international laws, for example, shipping, provide more protection to the area's closest shore. For example, garbage discharge, something you would think just simply goes away, but the laws regulating ship discharge garbage actually get weaker the further you are from shore. As a result, we have garbage patches, the size of twice Texas. It's unbelievable, we used to think that the solution to pollution was dilution, but it has proved to be no long of the case. So what we have learned from social scientists and economists like Eleanor Ostrom who are studying the nominum of management of the commons on local scale is that there are certain prerequisites that you can put into place that will enable you to manage and open access open space for the good of one and all. And these include a sense of shared responsibility, common norms that bind people together as unity. Conditional access, you can invite people in, but they have to be able to play by rules. And of course, if you want people to play by the rules, you still need an effective system of monitoring and enforcement. For as we've discovered, you can trust, but you also need to verify. What I'd also like to weigh is that it is not all due in gloom that we are seeing in the high seas for a group of people.