 They were said to be a million times faster than neurons. People were really excited. They thought they would soon outstrip the capacity of the brain. This is a quote actually from Alan Ture. In 30 years, it would be as easy to ask a computer question as to ask a person. This was in 1946. And now in 2007, it's still not true. Okay. And so the question is, why aren't we really seeing this kind of power in computers that we see in the brain? What people didn't realize, and I just began to realize right now, is that we pay a huge price for the speed that we claim is a big advantage of these computers. Let's take a look at some numbers. This is blue gene, the fastest computer in the world. It's got 120,000 processors. They can basically process 10 quadrillion bits of information per second. That's 10 to the 16. And they consume 1.5 megawatts of power. So that would be really great if you could add that to the production capacity in Tanzania. It would really boost the economy. And so, but just to go back to the states, if you translate the amount of power or electricity, this computer uses to the amount of households in the states, you get 1,200 households in the US. That's how much power this computer uses. Now, let's compare this with the brain. This is a picture of actually a Rory Sair since Gelfren's brain. Rory is a graduate student at Stanford. He studies the brain using MRI. And he claims that this is the most beautiful brain that he's ever scanned. So that's true love right there. Now, how much computation does the brain do? I estimate 10 to the 16 bits per second is actually about very similar to what blue gene does. So that's the question. The question is, how much they're doing similar amounts of processing, similar amounts of data. The question is, how much energy or electricity does the brain use? And it's actually as much as your laptop computer. It's just 10 watts. So what we are doing right now with computers, with the energy consumed by 1,200 houses, the brain is doing with the energy consumed by your laptop. So the question is, how is the brain able to achieve this kind of restriction? See, let me just summarize. So the bottom line, the brain processes information using 100,000 times less energy than we do right now with this computer technology that we have. And so how is the brain able to do this? Let's just take a look about how the brain works. And then compare that with how the computer works. So this clip is from the PBS series The Secret Life of the Brain. It shows you these are cells that process information they are called neurons. They send little pulses of electricity down their processing.