 years used a new software to map 120,000 kilometers of roads, 3000 hospitals, logistics, relief points and it took them four days. When you software they used Google Map Maker. Google Map Maker is a technology that empowers each of us to map what we know locally. People have used this software to map everything from road store to rivers, from schools to local businesses and video stores to the corner store. Maps matter. Nobel Prize nominee Hernando Disoto recognized that the key to economic lift-off for most developing countries is to tap their vast amounts of uncapitalized land. For example, a trillion dollars of real estate remains uncapitalized in India alone. In the last year alone, thousands of users in 170 countries have mapped millions of pieces of information and created a map of the level of detail never thought viable. And this was made possible by the power of passionate users everywhere. Let's look at some of the maps being created by users right now. So as we speak, people are mapping the world in these 170 countries. You can see, rigid in Africa, who just mapped a road in Senegal and closer to home, Chaluwa in MG Road in Bangalore. This is the result of computation geometry gesture recognition and machine learning. This is a victory of thousands of users in hundreds of cities, one user, one edited time. This is an invitation to the 70% of our unmapped planet. Welcome to the world. Traffic is a global epidemic. US traffic is creating 45% of the world's air pollution. In the UK, time wasted in traffic costs 20 billion a year. Would you pay for cleaner air in a faster commute? Stockholm could it to a vote? I voted for it. I voted for it. I voted for it. Why not all that I've told you about? We have to do something in Stockholm to improve the environment and to get a better flow in the traffic. We put a price on taking your car into the central parts of Stockholm and we call that congestion charges. If you start a system like this, it doesn't work on first day, then you will be in big trouble. Must be perfect from day one. There are 18 empty gates to the city. Each is equipped with tamarinds. Pictures are taken on the rear and front license plates. These pictures are sent to a central system that identifies the license plates. Make sure that the right person pays the right person.