 the world's climate through the waste products of this civilization. Due to our release and factories and automobiles every year of more than six billion tons of carbon dioxide which helps air absorb heat from the sun, our atmosphere seems to be getting warm. This is bad. Well, it's been calculated a few degrees rise in the earth's temperature would melt the polar ice cap. And if this happens, an in-lidancy would fill a good portion of the Mississippi Valley. Tourists and glass bottom boats would be viewing the brown towers of Miami through 150 feet of tropical water. Foreign weather, we're not only dealing with forces of a far greater variety, even the atomic physicist and scholars, but with life itself. Should we feel good or should we feel bad that 50 years of foreknowledge accomplished so little? Well, it depends really on what your goals are. And I think as my goals, I always go back to Gandhi's Tali's man. When Mahatma Gandhi was asked, how do you know if the next act that you are about to do is the right one or the wrong one? He said, consider the face of the poorest, most vulnerable human being that you ever chance to upon and ask yourself if the act that you contemplate will be of benefit to that person. And if it will be, it's the right thing to do. And if not rethink it. For those of us in this room, it's not just the poorest and the most vulnerable individual. It's the community, it's the culture, it's the world itself, and the trends, the trends for those who are at the periphery of our society who are the poorest and the most vulnerable. The trends give rise to a great case for pessimism. But there's also a wonderful case for optimism. Let's review them both. First of all, the mega trends. There's two degrees or three degrees of climate change baked into the system. It will cause rising seas. It will cause saline deposited into wells and into lands. It will disproportionately harm the poorest and the most vulnerable. As will the increasing rise of population, even though we've dodged Paul Ehrlich's population bomb and we will not see 20 billion people in this decade as he has forecast. We eat as if we were 20 billion. And we consume so much that again, a rise