 without ever saying who's proud of them. But then they hear from all the family and friends that the father told everybody else that he was proud of him, that he never told the son, because he didn't know that his son needed to hear it. So my question is, why don't we ask for the things that we need? I know, gentlemen, Mary, for 25 years, who's longing to hear his wife say, thank you for being the breadman or something, stay home with the kids, but won't ask. I know a woman who's good at this. She once a week meets with her husband, and says, I would like you to thank me for obviously, I did in the house. And with the kids, and he goes, and he goes, oh, this is great, this is great. And praise really does have to be genuine, but she takes responsibility for that. And the friend of my April, who I've had since kindergarten, she thanks her children for doing their chores. And she said, why wouldn't I think even though there's supposed to do it? So the question is, why was I blocking it? Why were other people blocking it? Why can I say I'll take my steak medium rare? I need size six shoes, but I won't say, would you praise me this way? And it's because I'm giving you critical data about me. I'm telling you where I'm insecure. I'm telling you where I need your help. And I'm treating you, my inner circle, like you're the enemy. Because what can you do with that data? You couldn't neglect me? You could abuse it, or you could actually meet my need. And I took my bike into the bike store. I love this same bike, and they do something called truing the wheels, the guy said, you know, when you true the wheels is gonna make the bikes much better. I get the same bike back. And they've taken all the little warps out of those same wheels I've had for two and a half years, and my bike is like new. So I'm gonna challenge all of you. I want you to true your wheels, be honest about the praise that you need to hear. What do you need to hear? Go home to your wife. Go ask her, what is she to you? Go home to your husband, what is he to you? Go home and ask those questions, and then help the people around you. And it's simple. And why should we care about this? We talk about world peace. How can we have world peace with different cultures, different languages? I think it starts household by household, under the same roof. So let's make it right in our own backyard. And I wanted to thank all of you in the audience, for being great husbands, great mothers, friends, daughters, sons, and maybe somebody's never said that to you, but you've done a really, really good job. And thank you for being here, and just showing up and changing the world with your ideas.