 record. And here, scientists are drilling into the past of our planet to find clues to the future of climate change. This past January, I traveled to a place called Waste Divide, about 600 miles from the South Pole. It is the best place on the planet, many say, to study the history of climate change. There about 45 scientists from the University of Wisconsin, the Desert Research Institute in Nevada and others have been working to answer a central question about global warming. What is the exact relationship between levels of greenhouse gases and planetary temperatures? It's urgent work. We know that temperature is a rise in. This past May was the warmest worldwide on record, and we know that levels of greenhouse gases are rising too. What we don't know is the exact precise, immediate impact of these changes on natural climate patterns, winds, ocean currents, precipitation rates, cloud formation, things that bear on the health and well-being of billions of people. Their entire camp, every item of gear, was ferried 885 miles from McMurdo station, the main US supply base on the coast of Antarctica. Waste Divide itself, though, is a circle of tents on the snow. In blizzard winds, the crews sling ropes between the tents so that people can feel their way safely to the nearest ice house and to the nearest outhouse. It's snow so heavily there, the installation was almost immediately bearing. Indeed, researchers picked this site because ice and snow, a keeming ice here 10 times faster than anywhere else in Antarctica. They have to dig themselves out every day. It makes for an exotic and chilly commute. But under the surface is a hive of industrial activity centered around an 8 million dollar drill assembly. Periodically, this drill, like a biopsy needle, plunges thousands of feet deep into the ice to extract a marrow of gases and isotope for analysis. 10 times a day, they extracted 10 foot long cylinder of compressed ice crystals that contained the unsullied air and trace chemicals laid down by snow season after season to thousands of years. It's really a time machine. At the peak of activity earlier this year, the researchers lowered the drill an extra 100 feet deeper into the ice every day and another 365 years deeper into the past. Periodically, they remove cylinder of ice like gamekeepers popping a spent shotgun shell from the barrel of the drill. They inspect it, they check it for cracks, the drill damage for spalls for chips. More importantly, they prepare it for inspection and analysis.