 so bright. And I know that watching that atomic bomb going off had a very, very big impact on my late father. Every holiday I had as a young boy was in a national park. What he was trying to do with me was to inspire me to protect the world and show me just how fragile the world is. He also told me about the great explorers. He loved history. He would tell me about Captain Scott walking all the way to the South Pole and Sir Edmund Hillary climbing up Mount Everest. And so ever since I think I was just six years old I dreamt of going to the polar regions. I really, really wanted to go to the Arctic. There was something about that place which drew me to that. And well sometimes it takes a long time for a dream to come true. But seven years ago I went to the Arctic for the first time. And it was so beautiful that I've been back there ever since for the last seven years. I love the place. But I have seen that place change beyond all description just in that short period of time. I have seen polar bears walking across very, very thin ice in search of food. I have swam in front of glaciers which has retreated so much. And I have also every year seen less and less sea ice. And I wanted the world to know what was happening up there. In the two years before my swim 23% of the Arctic sea ice cover just melted away. And I wanted to really shake the pells of world leaders to get them to understand what is happening. So I decided to do this symbolic swim at the top of the world in a place which should be frozen over for which now is rapidly unfreezing. And the message was very clear. Climate change is for real and we need to do something about it and we need to do something about it right now. Well swimming across the North Pole is not an ordinary thing to do. I mean just to put it in perspective. 27 degrees is a temperature of a normal indoor swimming pool. This morning the temperature of the English channel was 18 degrees. The passengers who fell off the Titanic fell into water of just five degrees centigrade. Fresh water freezes at zero and the water at the North Pole is minus 1.7. It's fucking freezing. I'm sorry but there's no other way to describe it. And so I had to assemble an incredible team around me to help me with this task. I assembled this team of 29 people from 10 nations. Some people think that swimming is a