 as the most compelling model, because if it's historic commitment to furthering a student's broadest intellectual and deepest ethical potential. Having made that decision, they came to the United States, home of liberal arts education, to talk with some of us most closely identified with that kind of education. They spoke with a passion and urgency and intellectual conviction that for me was a voice I had not heard in decades, a dream long forgotten. For in truth, we had moved light years from the passions that animated them. But for me, unlike them in my world, the slate was not clean and what was written on it was not encouraged. In truth, liberal arts education no longer exists, at least genuine liberal arts education in this country. We have professionalized liberal arts to the point where they no longer provide the breadth of application and the enhanced capacity for civic engagement that is their signature. Over the past century, the expert has to throne the educated generalist to become the sole model of intellectual accomplishment. Expertise has for sure had its moments, but the price of its dominance is enormous. Subject matters are broken up into smaller and smaller pieces with increasing emphasis on the technical and the obscure. We have even managed to make the study of literature arcane. You may think, you know what is going on in that Jane Austen novel, that is until your first encounter with postmodern deconstructions. The progression of today's college student is to jettison every interest except one. And within that one, to continually narrow the focus, learning more and more about less and less. This despite the evidence all around us of the interconnected things, less do you think I exaggerate? Here are the beginnings of the ABCs of our college. As one moves up the ladder, values other than technical competence are viewed with increasing suspicion. Questions such as, what kind of a world are we making? What kind of a world should we be making? What kind of a world can we be making? Are treated with more and more skepticism and move off table? In so doing, the guardians of secular democracy in a family,