 And I've assembled a sampling of work that all share a kind of productive nihilism that's used in the service of creating a particular special effect. And that is something like nothing or something next to nothing. It's done through a form of subtraction or obstruction or interference in the world that we naturally sleepwalk through. This is an image that won us a competition for an exhibition per billion for the Swiss Expo 2002 on Lake Nishital here in Geneva. And we wanted to use the water, not only as a context, but as a primary building material. We wanted to make an architecture of atmosphere. So no walls, no roof, no purpose, just a massive atomized water, big cloud. And this proposal was a reaction to the oversaturation of immersion technologies in recent national and world expositions, which feeds or has been feeding our insatiable appetite from visual stimulation with an ever greater digital virtuosity. High definition in our opinion has become the new orthodoxy. And we asked the question, can we use technology, high technology, to make an export per billion that's decidedly low definition, that also challenges the conventions of space and skin and we think are dependence on vision. So this is how we sought to do it. Water is pumped from the lake and filtered and shot as a fine mist through an array of high pressure pod nauseous, 35,000 of them. And a weather station is on the structure. It reads the shifting conditions of temperature, humidity, wind direction, wind speed, dew point. And it processes this data in a central computer that calibrates the degree of water pressure and distribution of water throughout. And it's a responsive system that's trained on actual weather. So this is just in construction and there's a ten-segrity structure. It's about 300 feet wide, the size of a football field. And it sits on just four very delicate columns. These are the fog nozzles, the interface. And basically the system is reading the real weather and producing semi-artificial and real weather. So we're very interested in creating weather. Now, here we go. One side, the outside event and the inside of the space, let's see what quality of the space was. Unlike entering any normal space, entering the blur is like stepping into a habitable media. A formless, futurist, deptless, scaleless, massless, surfaceless, and dimensionless. All references are erased, leading only an optical whiteout and white noise of the pulsing nozzles. So this is an exhibition.