 In 1993, they declared the end of the Armstrong and the drill list of people we don't they would talk and tell their story and I was one of those people. When I asked my friend, why the Rodriguez wants to talk to me, he said that the female members of the organization had actually supported my name. In particular, one person had put it forward. She was my child, my friend. She had joined, the repugates and became a leader of the organization. Naturally, I didn't know that until today she was arrested. In fact, I read it in the newspaper. At the time of the phone call, I just had a baby. I successfully completed the management and buy out of the company I was working with. And the last thing I wanted to do was to go back home and touring the ice-girded reasons. But this is exactly what I did. Because I wanted to know what had turned my best friend into a terrorist and why she never tried to recruit me. So this is exactly what I did. Now I found the answer very quickly. I actually had failed the psychological profiling of a terrorist. The Central Committee of the repugates, a judge made two single-minded and two opinionated to become a good terrorist. My friend, on the other hand, she was a good terrorist because she was very good at following orders. She also embraced violence because she believed that the only way to unblock what at the time was known as a block of democracy. Italy, a country run by the same party for 35 years was the Armstrong. At the same time, while I was interviewing the repugates, I also discovered that their lives was not ruled by politics or ideology, but actually was ruled by economics. They were constantly short percussion. They were constantly searching for cash. Now contrary to what many people believe, terrorism is actually a very expensive business. I give you an idea. In the 1970s, the turnover of the repugates on a yearly basis was 7 million dollars. This is roughly between 100 and 150 million today. Now if you live underground, it's really hard to produce this amount of money. But this also explains why when I was interviewing the repugates and then later on, other armed organizations, including members of Alza Coway group.