 past times. We're one species out of approximately what let's say at least 16 upright walking apes that have existed over the past six to eight million years, but as far as we know we're the only upright walking ape that exists on planet Earth today except for the bonobas and it's important to remember that because the bonobas are so human and they share 99% of their genes with us. And we share our origins with a handful of the living great apes. It's important to remember that we evolve. Now I know that's a dirty word for some people, but we evolved from common ancestors with the gorillas, the chimpanzee, and also the bonobas. We have a common past and we have a common future and it is important to remember that all of these great apes have come on as long and as an interesting evolutionary journey as we ourselves have today. And it's this journey that is of such interest to humanity and it's this journey that has been the focus of the past three generations of my family as we've been in East Africa looking for the fossil remains of our ancestors to try and piece together our evolutionary past. And this is how we look for them. A group of dedicated young men and women walk very slowly across vast areas of Africa looking for small fragments of bone, fossil bone that may be on the surface. And that's an example of what we may do as we walk across the landscape in northern Kenya looking for fossils. I got many of you in the audience can see the fossil that's in this picture. But if you look very carefully there is a jaw, a lower jaw of a 4.1 million year old upright walking ape as it was found at Lake Tukon on the West side. It's extremely time consuming, labor intensive and it is something that it's going to involve a lot more people to begin to piece together our past. We still really haven't got the very complete picture of it. When we find the fossil we market today we've got great technology, we have GPS, we market with a GPS fix and we also take a digital photograph of the specimen. So we could essentially put it back on the surface exactly where we found it and we can bring all this information into big GIS packages today. When we then find something very important like the bones of a human ancestor, we begin to excavate it extremely carefully and slowly using dental picks and find cave brushes and all the sediment is then put through these