 Participation I have two loads of bread here. One is a supermarket standard white bread prepackage, which I'm told is called a wonder bread I Didn't know this word until I arrived and this is More or less a whole meal hand made small bakery loaf of bread. Here we go. I want to see a show of hands Who prefers the whole meal bread? Okay, let me do this differently. Is anybody prefer the wonder bread at all? I Have two tentative male hands Okay, now the question is really why is this cell and I think it is because we feel that this kind of bread Really is about authenticity. It's about a traditional way of living a way that is perhaps more real more honest This is an image from Tuscan Aver we feel Agriculture is still about beauty and life is really true and this is about good taste good traditions Why do we have this image? Why do we feel that this is more true than than this? Well, I think it has a lot to do with our history in the 10,000 years since agriculture evolved Most of our ancestors have actually been agriculturalists or they were closely related to food production And we have this mythical image of how life was in rural areas in the past and art has helped us to maintain that kind of image It was a mythical past of course the reality is quite different These poor farmers working the land by hand or with the animals had you levels that are comparable to the poorest farmers Today in West Africa, but we have somehow in the course of the last few Centuries or even decades started to cultivate an image of a mythical rural agricultural past It's only 200 years ago that we had the advent of industrial revolution and while I'm Starting to make some bread for you here. It's very important to understand what that revolution did to us a broadest power It brought us Mechanization fertilizers and it actually drove up our yields and even Sort of horrible things that picking beans by hand can now be done automatically All that is is a real great improvement as we shall see Of course, we also particularly in the last decade managed to envelope the world in a dense chain of supermarkets in a chain of Global trade and it means that you now eat products which can come from all around the world that is reality of our mind