 actually I want to tell you. So I was able to completely daydream my way through my life. And I finally daydreamed my way into NYU at a very good time in 1967 where I met a man who was trying to blow up the math building of NYU. And I was writing terrible poetry and knitting sweaters for him. And feminists hated us and the whole thing was wretched from beginning to end. But I kept writing bad poetry and he didn't blow up the math building but he went to Q-Bubb and I gave him the money because I was from Riverdale so I had more money than he did. And that was a good thing to help the cause. But then he came back and things happened and I decided I really hated my writing but it was awful, awful, purple prose and I decided that I wanted to tell, but I still wanted to tell a narrative story and I still wanted to tell my story so I decided that I would start to draw how hard could that be. And so what happened was that I started just becoming an editorial illustrator through sheer ignorance. And we started a studio people really started a studio called M&C and the premise of M&C was we don't know anything but that's all right we're going to do it anyway and as a matter of fact it's better not to know anything because if you know too much you're stymied. So the premise in the studio was there are no boundaries there is no fear and I and my full-time job I landed the best job on Earth was today dream and to actually come up with absurd ideas that fortunately there were not people there and it was a team it was it was a collective it was not just me coming up with crazy ideas but the point was that I was there as as myself as a dreamer and so some of the things I mean like it was a long history of M&C and clearly we also need to make some money so we decided you create a series of products and and some of the watches there attempting to be beautiful and humorous maybe not attempting hopefully succeeding that to be able to talk about content to break apart what you normally expect to use humor and surprise elegance and humanity in your work it was really important to us it was a very high it was a very in in personal time and design and we wanted to say the content is what's important not the package not the wrapping you really have to be journalists you have to be inventors you have to you have to use your imagination more importantly than anything so the good news is that I have a dog and though I don't know if I believe in luck I don't know what I believe in it's a very complicated question but I do know that before I go away I crank his tail seven times so whenever he sees a suitcase in the half