 Despite the fact that our small part of New York City was already handled more than 40% of the entire city's commercial waste, a sewage treatment politicizing plant, a sewage sludge plant, or power plants, the world's largest food distribution center, as well as other industries that bring more than 60,000 diesel truck trips to the area each week. The area also has one of the lowest ratios of parks to people in the city. So when I was contacted by the Parks Department, about a $10,000 C grant initiative to help develop waterfront projects, I thought they were really well-meaning, but a bit naive. I lived in this area all my life, and you could not get to the river because of all the lovely facilities that I had mentioned earlier. Then while jogging with my dog one morning, she pulled me into what I thought was just another illegal dump. There were weeds and piles of garbage and other stuff that I won't mention here, but she kept dragging me, and lo and behold at the end of that lot was the river. I knew that this forgotten little street end, abandoned like the dog that brought me there, was worth saving. And I knew it would grow to become the proud beginnings of the community-led revitalization of the new South Bronx. And just like my new dog, it was an idea that got bigger than I'd imagined. We garnered much support along the way, and the Hunt's Point Riverside Park, where we came the first waterfront park of the South Bronx that had more than 60 years. We leveraged that $10,000 seed grant more than 300 times into a $3 million park. And in the fall, I'm actually going to exchange marriage vows with my beloved. Thank you very much. That's the team's personal buttons back there that she does all the time. But those of us living in environmental justice communities, are the canary in the coal mine. We feel the problems right now and have for some time. Environmental justice for those of you who may not be familiar with the term, goes something like this. No community should be saddled with more environmental burdens and less environmental benefits than any other. Unfortunately, race and class are extremely reliable indicators as to where one might find the good stuff, like parks and trees, and where one might find the bad stuff, like power plants and waste facilities. As a black person in America, I am twice as likely as a white person to live in an area where air pollution poses the greatest risk in my health. I am five times more likely to live within walking distance of a power plant or a chemical facility, which I do. These land use decisions created the hostile conditions that lead to problems like obesity, diabetes, and asthma. Why would someone leave their home to go for a risk walk in a toxic neighborhood? Our 27% obesity rate is high even for this country and diabetes comes with it. One out of four South Bronx children has asthma. Our asthma hospitalization rate is seven times higher than the national average. These impacts are coming every once in a while and we all pay dearly for solid waste cost, health problems associated with pollution, and more odiously. The cost of imprisoning our young black and Latino men who possess untold amounts of unnecessary damage.