 Howard is, Howard's about this high and he's around and he's in his 60s and he has big huge glasses and thinning gray hair and he has a kind of wonderful exuberance and vitality and keeps a, has a parrot and loves the opera and he's a great fishenado of medieval history. And he by profession he's a psychophysicist. Now I should tell you that I have no idea what psychophysics is, although at some point of my life I dated a girl for two years who was getting her doctorate in psychophysics. We should tell you something about that relationship but Howard, as far as I know, psychophysicist is about measuring things and Howard is very interested in measuring things and he graduated with his doctorate from Harvard and he set up a little consulting shop in White Plains, New York. And one of his first clients was, this is many years ago, back in the early 70s, one of his first clients was Pepsi. Pepsi came to Howard and they said, you know, there's this new thing called Aspartane and we would like to make diet Pepsi. We'd like you to figure out how much Aspartane we should put in each can of diet Pepsi in order to have the perfect drink. Now that sounds like an incredibly straightforward question to answer and that's what Howard thought because Pepsi told him, look, we're working with a band between eight and twelve percent. Anything below eight percent sweetness is not sweet enough. Anything above twelve percent sweetness is too sweet. We want to know what's the sweet spot between eight and twelve. Now if I gave you this problem to do, you would all say it's very simple. What we do is you make up a big experimental batch of Pepsi at every degree of sweetness, eight percent, eight point one, eight point two, eight point three all the way up to twelve and we try this out with thousands of people and we plot the results on a curve and we take the most popular concentration, right? Really simple. Howard does the experiment and he gets the data back and he plots it on a curve and also he realizes it's not a nice spell curve. In fact, data doesn't make any sense, it's a mess, it's all over the mess. Now most people in that business in the world of testing food and such are not dismayed when the data comes back a mess. They think, well, you know, figuring out what people think about coal is not that easy, you know, maybe we may have an air somewhere along the way, you know, let's just make an educated guess and they simply point and they go per ten percent, right? Howard is not so easily placated, Howard is a man of certain degree of intellectual standards and this is not good enough for him and he questioned bedeviled him for years and he would think it through and say, what was wrong? Why could we not make sense of this experiment with Pepsi? One day he was sitting in a diner in white planes about to go trying to dream up some work for Nescafe and suddenly like a bolt of lightning the answer came to him and that is that when they analyzed the dipezi data they were asking the wrong question.