 hook them to the doctor. The parents threw them out on the street and hence they ended up in an orphanage. And it comes from situations like this where you have either skilled or unskilled practitioners blindly giving an injection to someone and the injection is so valuable that the people basically trust the doctor being second to God which I've heard many times to do the right thing but in fact they're not and you can understand obviously the transmission problem between people in high virus errands. This video we took under cover which shows you over a half an hour period a tray of medicines of 42 vials which are being delivered with only two syringes in the public hospital in India. And over the course of half an hour not one syringe was filmed being unwrapped they started with two and they ended with two. And you'll see just now a nurse coming back to the tray which is their sort of modular station and dropping the syringe is just used back in the tray for it to be picked up and used again. So you can imagine the scale of this problem and in fact in India alone 62% of all injections given are unsafe. These kids in Pakistan don't go to school they are lucky they already have a job and that job is that they go around and pick up syringes from the back of hospitals, wash them and in the course of this obviously picking them up they injure themselves and then they repackage them and sell them out on markets for literally more money than a sterile syringe in the first place which is quite bizarre. And an interesting photo of their father while we were talking to him picked up a syringe and picked his finger I don't know whether you can see the drop of blood on the end. And immediately whipped out a box of matches lit one and burnt the blood off the end of his finger giving me full assurance that that was the way that you stopped the transmission of HIV. In China recycling is a major issue and they are collected on mass. You can see the scale of it here and sorted out by hand back into the right sizes and then put back out in the street. So recycling and reuse are the major issues. But there was one interesting anecdote that I found in Indonesia. In all schools in Indonesia there is usually a toy seller in the playground. The toy seller in this case had syringes which they usually do next door to the diggers which is obviously what you would expect. And they used them in the breaks for water pistols. They squirt them in each other which is lovely and innocent and they are having great fun. But they also drink from them while they are in their breaks because it is hot and they squirt the water into their mouths. And these are used with traces of blood in that is visible. So we need a better product and we need better information and I think if I can just borrow this camera, I was going to show you my invention which I came up with. So it is a normal looking syringe. You load it up.