 idea basically, my being a brush in the hand of amazing people who would come and I would interview me. And so what I'm going to do is not so much give you the great hits of that program, as you give you this whole notion of how you encounter people in that kind of situation, what you try to find out about them and when people deliver and when they go. And why? Now, I had two preconditions. One was that they be American, that's just because of the nature of the National Port of Galaria. It's created to look in American light. That was that was easy, but then I made the decision, maybe arbitrary, that they needed to be people of a certain age, which at that point when I created this program seemed really old, 60s, 70s, 80s and 90s. For obvious reason, it didn't seem that old anymore today. And why did I do that? Well, for one thing, we're a youth obsessed culture. And I thought really what we need is an elders program to just sit at the feet of amazing people and hear them talk. But the second part of it, and the older I get, the more convinced I am that that's true, it's amazing what people will say when they know how the story turned out. That's the one advantage that older people have. Well, they have other mood advantage, but they also have some disadvantages. The one thing they or we have is that we've reached the point in life where we know how the story turned out. So we can then go back in our lives if we've got an interviewer who gets that and begin to reflect on how we got there, all of those accidents that wound up creating the life narrative that we inherited. So I thought, okay, now what is it going to take to make this work? There are many kinds of interviews. We know them, the journalists interviews, which are the interrogation that is expected. This is somewhat against resistance and caging us on the part of the interview. Then there's the celebrity interview where it's more important who's asking the question and the new answers. That's Barbara Walters and others like that. And we like that. That's Frost Nixon, where Frost seems to be as important as Nixon in that process, fair enough. But I wanted interviews that were different. I wanted to be, as I later thought of it, impassant, which is to say, to feel what they wanted to say and to be an agent of their self-revelation. By the way, this was always done in public. This was not an oral history program. This was all about 300 people sitting at the feet of this individual and having me be the brush in their self-portrait. Now, it turns out that I was pretty good at that. I didn't know it coming into it. The only reason I really know that is because of one interview I