 of a single forever. A fan saw it on TV, recorded it with her camera phone, and uploaded it to YouTube. Now because Sony Music had registered Chris Brown's video in our content ID system, within seconds of attempting to upload the video, the copy was detected, giving Sony the choice of what to do next. But how did we know that the user's video was a copy? Well, it starts with content owners delivering assets into our database, along with the usage policy that tells us what to do when we find a match. We compare each upload against all of the reference files in our database. Now this heat map is going to show you how the brain of the system works. Here we can see the original reference file being compared to the user generated content. The system compares every moment of one to the other to see if there's a match. Now this means that we can identify a match, even if the copy uses just a portion of the original file, plays it in slow motion, and has degraded audio and video quality. And we do this every time that a video is uploaded to YouTube, and that's over 20 hours of video every minute. When we find a match, we apply the policy that the rights owner has set down. And the scale and the speed of this system is truly breathtaking. We're not just talking about a few videos. We're talking about over 100 years of video every day, between new uploads and the legacy scans we regularly do across all of the content on the site. And when we compare those 100 years of video, we're comparing it against millions of reference files in our database. It'd be like 36,000 people staring at 36,000 monitors each and every day without so much as a copy break. Now what do we do when we find a match? Well, most rights owners instead of blocking will allow the copy to be published, and then they benefit through the exposure or advertising and linked sales. Remember Chris Brown's video forever? Well it had to stay in the sun and that it dropped off the charts, and that looked like the end of the story. But sometime last year a young couple got married. This is their wedding video. You may have seen it. What's amazing about this is if the processional of the wedding was this much fun, can you imagine how much fun the reception must have been? I mean, who are these people? I totally want to go to that wedding. So their little wedding video went on to get over 40 million views. And instead of Sony blocking, they allowed the upload to occur, and they put advertising against it and linked from it to iTunes. And the song, 18 months old, went back to number four on the iTunes charts. So Sony is generating revenue from both of these. And Jule and Kevin, the happy couple, but they came back from their honeymoon and found that their video had gone crazy viral. They ended up on a bunch of talk shows, and they used it as an opportunity to make a difference.