 So here is the sort of big idea. If you look out in nature, you find that as you tend to see suspended animation, you tend to see immortality. And so what I'm going to tell you about is a way to tell a person who's in trauma to find a way to de-animate them a bit. So there are a little more immortal when they have that hard time. An example of an organism or two that happens to be quite immortal would be plant seeds or bacterial spores. These creatures are some of the most immortal life forms on our planet and they tend to spend most of their time in suspended animation. Bacterial spores were thought, are thought now by scientists to have existed as individual cells that are alive but in suspended animation for as long as 250 million years. To suggest that this all sort of about little tiny creatures I want to bring it close to home. In the immortal germ line of human beings that is the eggs that sit in the ovaries, they actually sit there in a state of suspended animation for up to 50 years in the lives of each woman. So then there's also my favorite example of suspended animation. This is sea monkeys. Those of you with children you know about them. You go to the pet store or the toy store and you can buy these things. You just open the bag and you just dump them in to the plastic aquarium and in about a week or so you'll have little shrimp swimmer. Well I wasn't so interested in the swimming. I was interested in what was going on in the bag. The bag in the toy store shelf that with those shrimp sat in suspended animation indefinitely. So these ideas of suspended animation are not just about cells and weird little organisms. Occasionally human beings are briefly deanimated and the stories of people who are briefly deanimated that it should be the most are those having to do with the cold. 10 years ago there was a scare in Norway that was trapped in a water fall and she's there for two hours before they extracted her she was extremely cold and she had no heartbeat for all intents and purposes she was dead frozen. Seven hours later still without a heartbeat they brought her back to life and she went on to be the head radiologist in the hospital that treated. A couple of years later so I get really excited about these things about a couple of years later there was a 13 month old she's from Canada her father had gone out in the winter time he was working night shift and she followed them outside and nothing but a dime.