 the impact that happened last week on the comments if they'd sent a nuke it would have been rather more spectacular what actually happened last month so that's another project in the mask. That's Mars from the European Mars Express and at New Year this artist's impression turned into reality when a parachute landed on Titan, Saturn's Jar Moon, landed on surface, this picture's taken on the way down that looks like a coastline it is indeed but the ocean is lit for methane the temperature minus 170 degrees centigrade. If we go beyond our solar system we've learnt that the stars aren't just twinkling points of light each one is like a sun with a red new of planet orbiting around and we can see places where stars are forming like the eagle nebula we see stars dying in six billion years the sun will look like that and some stars die spectacularly in the supernova explosion leaving remnants like that. On a still bigger scale we see entire galaxies of stars, it's entire ecosystems where gas is being recycled and to the cosmologist these galaxies are just the atoms as if were of the large scale units. This picture shows a patch of sky so small that it would take about a hundred patches like it to cover the full moon in the sky. Through a small telescope this will look quite blank if you see here a hundred of little faint spudges each is a galaxy fully like ours or Androma which looks so small and faint because its light has taken ten billion light years to get us. The stars in those galaxies probably don't have planets around. The scan chance of life there that's because there's been no time for the nuclear fusion in stars to make silicon and carbon and iron the building blocks of planets and of life. We believe that all of this emerged from a big bang a hot-dense state so how did that amorphous big bang turn into our complex cosmos. I'm going to show you a movie simulation 16 parts of 10 fast and real time which shows a patch of the universe where the expansion is attracted out but you see as time goes on and giga years at the bottom you will see structures of all. There's gravity, feeds on small, density regularities and structures develop and we end up up 13 billion years with something looking rather like our own universe. And we compare simulated universes like that I'll show you a better simulation at the end of my talk with what we actually see in the sky. Well we can trace things back to the earlier stages of the big bang but we still don't know what