 people who don't handshake and comparing them with ones who do handshake and I have the foggiest idea of where you find the ones that don't handshake because they must be hiding and that's and the people who avoid that have 30% less infectious disease or something but maybe it's 31 and a quarter percent so if you really want to solve the problem of epidemics and so forth let's start with that and since I got that idea I've had to shake hundreds of hands and I think the only way to avoid it is to have some horrible visible disease and then you don't have to explain. Education, how do we improve education? What the single best way is to get them to understand that what they're being told is a whole lot of nonsense and then of course you have to do something about how to moderate that so that everybody can so listen to you. Pollution, energy shortage, environmental diversity, poverty, how do we make stable societies, longevity, okay, there are lots of problems to worry about. Anyway the question I think people should talk about and it's absolutely taboo is how many people should there be and I think it should be about a hundred million or maybe five hundred million and then notice that all of these that a great many of these problems disappear. If you've got a hundred million people probably spread out then if there's some garbage you throw it away preferably where you can't see it and it will rot or you throw it into the ocean and some fish will benefit from it. The problem is how many people should there be and it's a sort of choice we have to make. Most people are about 60 inches high or more and there's this kill-bloss if you made them this big by using nanotech and phychia as opposed. Then you could have a thousand times as many that would solve the problem but I don't see anybody doing any research on making people smaller. Now it's nice to reduce the population but a lot of people want to have children and there's one solution that's probably only a few years off. You know you have 46 chromosomes and if you're lucky you've got 23 from each pair is sometimes you get an extra one or drop one out but so we could skip the grandparent and great grandparent stage and go right to the great great grandparent and you've got 46 people and you give them a scanner or whatever you need and they look at their chromosomes and each of them says which one he likes best or she. No reason to have just two sexes in moving. So each child has 46.