 reality. This visualization could explain, for example, why new born or smokers put instinctively their fingers in the mouse. Unfortunately, it doesn't explain why so many designers remain mainly interested in designing chairs. So, anyway, even if I do not understand science entirely for my design, I essentially refer to it. I'm fascinated by its ability to deeply investigate the human being. It's worth working, it's worth feeling. And it really helps me to understand how we see, how we hear, how we breath, how our brain can inform or mislead us. It's a great tool for me to understand what could be our real needs. Marketing people have never been able to do that. Marketing reduces things, marketing simplifies, marketing creates user groups, and scientists admit complexity, admit frustration and uniqueness. What could be our real needs? Maybe the silence. In our daily life, we are continuously disturbed by aggressive sounds. And you know all this kind of sound puts us in a kind of stressful step and prevents us from being quiet and fucking so. I wanted to create a kind of sound filter, able to preserve our cell from noise pollution. But I didn't want it to make it by isolating people without any EMFs or those kind of things or neither with, including complex technology. I just wanted to using the complexity and the technology of the brain of the human brain. So I work with a white noise. DBE is basically, the name of the product, is basically a white noise diffuser. This is white noise. The white noise is the sum of all frequencies that are audible, but human being brought to the same intensity. And this noise is like a shhhhhh. And this noise is a most natural, it's a perfect sound for ears and our brain. So when you hear this sound, you feel like a kind of shelter and preserve from noise pollution. And when you hear the white noise, your brain is immediately focused on it and you do not be disturbed anymore by the other aggressive sound. It seems to be magic, but just with geological, just in your brain and in mind, I hope. So in order to make this white noise a little active and reactive, I create a ball. A rolling ball able to analyze and find where does the aggressive sound come from and roll at home, what work. And towards the aggressive noise and emit the white noise in order to neutralize it.