 an instant Tibet, wonderful setting. This is from Marbleville Country. This is the Turquoise Lake, an editor. This is the hottest day of the year, somewhere in this time Tibet, on August 1st. And the night before we came to my Tibetan friends, said we're going to sleep outside. And I said, why? We have enough space in the tent. They say, yes, it is summertime. So now we are going to speak of happiness. As a Frenchman, I must say that a lot of French intellectuals that seem happiness is not at all interesting. As your daughter and essay on happiness, and there was a controversy in the someone wrote an article saying, don't impose on us dirty work of happiness. We don't care about being happy. We need to leave it passion, relax the up-comes-downs of life, relax our suffering because it's so good when it sees for a while. This is what I see from the balcony of my handmeteage in the Himalayas. It's about two meters by tree, and we are all welcome anytime. Now let's come to happiness. Our well-being. And first of all, despite what the French intellectuals say, it seems that no one wakes up in the morning thinking may I suffer the whole day. Which means that somehow consciously or not, directly or indirectly, in the short and the long term, whatever we do, whatever we hope, whatever we dream, somehow is related to a deep profound desire for well-being or happiness. As Pascal said, even the one who hangs himself somehow is looking for a cessation of for suffering. He finds no other way. But then if you look in the literature, Eastern West, we can find incredible diversity of definitional happiness. Some people say, and only believed in remembering the past, imagining the future, never in the present. Some people say happiness is right now with the quality of the freshness of the present moment. And that led to Henri Berksson, the French philosopher, to say all the great teachers of humanity have left happiness in the vague so that they could define each of them, could define their own terms. Well, that would be fine if it was just a secondary for occupation in life. But now if it is something that's going to determine the quality of every instant of our life, and you better know what it is,