 percent in my lifetime. Child mortality is down by two thirds per capita food production is up by a third and all this at a time when the population has doubled. How did we achieve that? Whether you think it's a good thing or not, how did we achieve that? How did we become the only species that becomes more prosperous as it becomes more popular? The size of the blob in this graph represents the size of the population and the level of the graph represents GDP per capita. I think to answer that question you need to understand how human beings bring together their brains and enable their ideas to combine and recombine to meet and indeed to mate. In other words you need to understand how ideas have set. I want you to imagine how we got from making objects like this to making objects like this. These are both real objects. One is an Australian hand axe from half a million years ago of the kind made by Homo Rectus. The other is obviously computer mouse. They're both exactly the same size and shape to an uncanny degree. I've tried to work out which is bigger and they're not. It's almost impossible. And that's because they're both designed to fit the human hand. They're both technologies. In the end their similarities not that interesting. It just tells you they were both designed to fit the human hand. The differences are what interest me because the one on the left was made to a pretty unvering design for about a million years from one and a half million years ago to half a million years ago. Homo Rectus made the same tool for 30,000 generations. Of course there were a few changes but tools changed slower than skeletons in those days. There was no progress, no innovation. It's an extraordinary phenomenon but it's true. Whereas the object on the right is obsolete after five years. And there's another difference too which is the object on the left made from one substance. The object on the right is made from a confection of different substances from silicon, metal and plastic and so on. And more than that it's a confection of different ideas, the idea of plastic, the idea of a laser, the idea of transistors. They've all been combined together in this technology. And it's this combination, this this cumulative technology that intrigued me because I think it's the secret to understanding what's happening in the world. My body's an accumulation of ideas too. The idea of skin cells, the idea of brain cells, the idea of liver cells, they've come together. How does evolution do cumulative combinatorial things? Well it uses sexual reproduction. In an asexual species, if you get two different mutations in different creatures, a green one and a red one, then one has to be better than the other. One goes extinct for the other to survive. But if you have a sexual species, then it's possible for an individual to inherit both mutations from different lineage. So what sex does is it enables the individual to draw upon the genetic innovations of the whole species. It's not confined to its own lineage. What's the