 that allowed you to engage. It also provided me a very unusual opportunity. My first financing assignment. I was able to raise $1,100 to bail 700 people out of jail. A $1.50 a person with a $50 deposit. So back in 1964, it was not that difficult to raise that type of money. But that was a minor effect on my life, compared to the Watts riots, which happened when I was home from Berkeley on vacation. And the dream cap of the world was on fire. Troops were in the streets, and I learned that civil rights was a lot more than where you sat on the bus, or where you go to school, or where you go to the bathroom, but a right to participate in the American dream and their economics society. And I went back to Berkeley and created my little formula that what is prosperity? It's a function of having financial technology, which serves as a multiplier effect on human capital, social capital, and real assets. And if we reflect on the last 30 years, we see we've accomplished quite a bit. 62 million jobs created in our country. 62 million new jobs. And with the concern about people being laid off today, we have the world's greatest job creation machine. It's millions of small businesses, many of which have access to capital through financial technology today, that all set the continual drop in loss of jobs by large companies. In fact, if you look in the 1980s, when financial technology really took hold in the early 1980s, you'll see that the spread opened up dramatically. Small companies accessed the capital, accelerated the job growth, and large companies continue to lay off people and reduce their size. The most valuable company in the world today, General Electric, has increased in value almost 25 old and 20 years, and employees today, 25 less or less people than it did 20 years ago. Well, what about other areas? Not just leveraging economic, but one of the real growths in our economy in the United States in past 20 years has been philanthropy. How can we leverage philanthropy? How can you leverage your ideas in the nonprofit sector? And what can we do there? Now, the amount of giving in America has increased dramatically, from 15 billion to 140 billion, over the past 35 years. However, as percentage of our economy hasn't really changed that much, it's about 2% of our economy. And so, the amount of dollars that are being given is actually pretty small, compared to the amount of human capital, the amount of time and effort and creativity that there are populations being put in. But the great growth in our society.