 some of Britain's most extraordinary women, women who are paving the way for all of you. And I'm honored to meet you, the future leaders of Great Britain and this world. And although the circumstances of our lives may seem very distant with me standing here as the first lady of the United States of America and you just getting through school, I want you to know that we have very much in common for nothing in my life's path. Would have predicted that I'd be standing here as the first African-American first lady of the United States of America. There was nothing in my story that would land me here. I wasn't raised with wealth or resources or any social standing to speak of. I was raised on the South Side of Chicago. That's a real part of Chicago. And I was the product of a working class community. My father was a city worker. All of his life and my mother was a stay-at-home mom and she stayed at home to take care of me and my older brother. Neither of them attended university. My dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of his life. But even as it got harder for him to walk and get dressed in the morning, I saw him struggle more and more. My father never complained about his struggle. He was grateful for what he had. He just woke up a little earlier and worked a little harder. And my brother and I were raised with all that you really need. Love, strong values and a belief that with a good education and a whole lot of hard work, there was nothing that we could not do. I am an example of what's possible when girls from the very beginning of their lives are loved and nurtured by the people around them. I was surrounded by extraordinary women in my life. Grandmothers, teachers, aunts, cousins, neighbors who taught me about quiet strength and dignity. In my mother, the most important role model in my life, who lives with us at the White House and helps to care for our two little daughters, Melia and Sasha. She's an active presence in their lives as well as mine and instilling in them the same values that she taught me and my brother. Things like compassion, integrity, and confidence and perseverance. All of that wrapped up in an unconditional love that only a grandmother can give. I was also fortunate enough to be cherished and encouraged.