 especially if you're at a golf course and you check under enough bushes. Well, under the category of what's the harm of silly stuff like this, this device, the ADE651, was sold to the Iraqi government for $40,000 of peace. It's just like this one, completely worthless, in which it allegedly worked by electrostatic magnetic ion attraction, which translates to pseudoscientific baloney would be the nice word, which you stream together a bunch of words that sound good, but it does absolutely nothing. In this case, allowing at the trespass points, allowing people to go through because your little tracker device said they were okay, actually costs lives. So there is a danger to pseudoscience and believing in this sort of thing. So what I want to talk about today is believes. I want to believe and you do too. And in fact, I think my thesis here is that belief is the natural state of things. It is the default option. We just believe. We believe all sorts of things. Belief is natural, disbelief, skepticism, science is not natural. It's more difficult. It's uncomfortable to not believe things. So like Foxmolder on X-Files who wants to believe in UFOs, what we all do. And the reason for that is because we are, we have a belief engine in our brains. Essentially, we are pattern seeking primates. We connect the dots. A is connected to B. B is connected to C. And sometimes, they really is connected to B. And that's called association learning. We find patterns. We make those connections. Whether it's Pavlov's dog here associating the sound of the bell with the food and the sound of the bell or there's a scionarian rat, which he's having an association between his behavior and a reward for it. And therefore, he repeats the behavior. In fact, what Skinner discovered is that if you put a pigeon in a box like this and he has to press one of these keys and he tries to figure out what the pattern is and you give him a little reward in the hopper box there, if you just randomly assign rewards such that there is no pattern. They will figure out any kind of pattern and whatever they were doing just before they got the reward, they repeat that particular pattern. Sometimes it was even spinning around twice, counterclockwise, once clockwise, and peck the key twice. And that's called superstition. And that I'm afraid we will always have with us. I call this process patternicity that is the tendency to find meaningful patterns in both meaningful and meaningless noise. When we do this process, we make two types of errors. Type one error or false positive. Is believing a pattern is real when it's not. Our second type of error is a false negative. A type two error is not believing a pattern is real when it is. So let's do a thought experiment. You are a hominid three million years ago walking on the plains of Africa. Your name is Lucy. Okay. And you hear a rustle in the grass.