 It was prying my fingers apart, moving to the back of my hand. It was all I could do to hold on to this amazing creature. Then it sort of calmed down in the palms of my hands and started flashing colors. Just pulsing. All of these colors, and as I looked at it, it kind of tucked its arms under it, raised into a spherical shape and turned chocolate brown with two white stripes. I'm going, my gosh, I had never seen anything like this in my life. So I marveled for a moment and then decided it was time to release it. So I put them down. The octopus left my hands and then did the damnedest thing. It landed on the bottom and the rubble and vanished right before my eyes. And I knew right then at age six, that was an animal that I want to learn more about. So I did. I went off to college and got a degree in Marine Zoology and then moved to Hawaii and entered graduate school at the University of Hawaii. And while as a student at Hawaii, I worked at the Waikiki Aquarium. And the Aquarium had a lot of big fish tanks, but not a lot of invertebrates as well. I was seeing the spineless guy. I thought, well, I'll just go out in the field and collect these wonderful animals I had been learning about as a student and bring them in and I built these elaborate sets and put them on display. Now the fish in the tanks were gorgeous to look at, but they didn't really interact with people. The octopus did. If you walked up to an octopus tank, especially early in the morning before anyone arrived, the octopus rise up and look at you. That guy, he was looking at me. He is looking at me. And you walk up to the front of the tank, then you realize that these animals all have different personalities. Some of them were holder ground. Others would slink into the back of the tank and disappear in the rocks. And one in particular, this amazing animal. I went up to the front of the tank and he was just staring at me and he had little horns come up above his eyes. So I went right up to the front of the tank. I was three or four inches from the front glass. The octopus was sitting on a perch, a little rock and he came off the rock and he also came down right to the front of the glass where I was staring at this animal about six or seven inches away. And at that time, I could actually focus. That's what was now as I looked at my fuzzy fingers. I realized those days are long gone. Anyway, there we were staring at each other. And he niches down and grabs an unfold of graph and releases it in the jet of water entering the tank from the filtration system. Just grab a firmly glass and fall stuff. He reaches up, takes another arm full of graph, releases it, same thing. Then he lifts another arm. So I lift him. And he lifts another arm. And I lift him another arm. I mean, then I realized the octopus won the arms race because I was out and he had six left. But the only way I can describe what I was seeing that day was with this octopus was playing, which is a pretty sophisticated behavior for a mere invertible. So about three years into my degree, the funny thing happened on the way to the office, which actually changed the course of my life. A man came into the aquarium. It's a long story, but essentially he sent me in a car.