 And in grad school I became interested in creatures that dwell in the hidden corners of the city. In New York City rats are part of commuters daily lives and most people ignore them or are frightened of them, but I took a liking to them because they dwell on the fringes of society. And even though they're used in labs to promote human lives, they're also considered as pests. I also started looking around in the city and tried to photograph them. One day in the subway I was snapping pictures of the tracks hoping to catch a redder too. And a man came up to me and said, you can't take photographs here. The MTA will confiscate your camera. I was quite shocked by that and thought to myself, well, okay then, I'll follow the rats. Then I started going into the tunnels which made me realize that there's a whole new dimension to the city that I never saw before and most people don't get to see. Around the same time I met like-minded individuals who called themselves urban explorers, adventures, blancers, gorilla historians, etc. I was welcomed into this loose internet-based network of people who regularly explore urban ruins such as abandoned subway stations, tunnels, tours, aqueducts, factories, hospitals, shipyards, and so on. When I took photographs in these locations, I felt there was something missing in the pictures. Simply documenting these soon-to-be demolished structures wasn't enough for me. So I wanted to create a fictional character or an animal that dwells in these underground spaces and the simplest way to do it at the time was to model myself. I decided against clothing because they wanted the figure to be without any cultural implications or time-specific elements. I wanted a simple way to represent a living body inhabiting these decaying derelict spaces. This was taken in the Revere Sugar Factory in Redhub Brooklyn. It's now an empty six-acre lot waiting for a shopping mall right across from the New Aikia. I was very fond of this space because it's the first massive industrial complex I found on my own that is abandoned. And I first went in and I was scared because I heard dogs barking and I thought they were guard dogs but they happened to be wild dogs living there. It was right by the water so there were swans and ducks swimming around and trees growing everywhere and bee-snesting.