 I like to call it the global shadow economy or mafia for sure. So what triggered this extraordinary growth in cross-border plan? Well, of course, there's globalization, technology, communications, all that stuff, which we'll talk about a little bit later. But first, I would like to take you back to this event. The collapse of communism all across Eastern Europe, a most momentous episode in our post-war history. Now, it's time for full disclosure. This event meant a great deal to me personally. I had started smuggling books across the Iron Curtain to democratic opposition groups in Eastern Europe like Solidarity in Poland, when I was in my teens. I then started writing about Eastern Europe, and eventually I became the BBC's chief correspondent for the region, which is what I was doing in 1981. And so when 425 million people finally won the right to choose their own governments, I was ecstatic. But I was also attached worried about some of the nasty things lurking behind the wall. It wasn't long, for example, before ethnic nationalism reared its bloody head in Udus Ramy. And amongst the chaos amidst the euphoria, it took me a little while to understand that some of the people who had wielded power before 1989 in Eastern Europe continued to do so after the revolutions there. Obviously, there were characters like this. But there were also some more unexpected people who played a critical role in what was going on in Eastern Europe. Like this character. Remember these guys? They used to win gold medals in weightlifting and wrestling every four years in the Olympics. And they were the great celebrities of communism, with a fabulous lifestyle to go with it. They used to get great apartments in the centre of town, casual sex on tap, and they could travel to the West very few, which was a great luxury at the time. Now, it may come as a surprise, but they played a critical role in the emergence of the market economy in Eastern Europe. I like to call them AR, the midwives of capitalists. Here are some of those same weightlifters after their 1989 makeover. Now, in Bulgaria, this photograph was taken in Bulgaria. When communism collapsed, it was not just communism, it was the state that collapsed as well. That means your police force wasn't working, the court system wasn't functioning properly. So what was a businessman in the brave new world of Eastern Europe?