 that we have this remarkable experience in this field of fundamental physics that beauty is a very successful criterion for choosing the right theory. White on Earth could that be so. Well, here's an example from my own experience. It's fairly dramatic actually to have this happen. Three or four of us in 1957 put forward a partially complete theory of one of these forces, weak force. And it was in disagreement with seven, seven count them, seven experiments. Experiments were all wrong. And we published before knowing that because we figured it was so beautiful, got to be right. The experiments had to be wrong and they were. Now our friend over there, Albert Einstein, used to pay very little attention when people said, you know, there's a man with an experiment that seems to disagree with special relativity. DC Miller, what about that? He would say, aw, done the whole way. Now why does stuff like that work? That's the question. No, yeah, what do we mean by beautiful? That's one thing. I'll try to make that clear, partially clear. Why should it work? And is this something to do with human beings? I'll let you in on the answer to the last one that I offer. And that is, there's nothing to do with human beings. Somewhere and some other planet orbiting, some very distant star, maybe another galaxy, there could well be entities that are at least intelligent as we are. And they're interested in science. It's not impossible. I think it probably are lots. Very likely none is close enough to interact with us, but they could be out there very easily. And suppose they have, you know, very different sensory apparatus and so on. They have seven tentacles and they have 14 little funny looking compound eyes and a brain shaped like a pretzel. Would they really have different laws? And lots of people believe that. And I think it is utter below me. I think there are laws out there and we of course don't understand them at any given time. Very well. But we try and we try to get closer and closer. And someday we may actually figure out the fundamental unified theory of the particles and forces. The what I call the fundamental law. We may not even be terribly far from. But even if we don't run across it in our lifetimes, we can still think there is one out there. We're just trying to get closer and closer to it. I think that's the main point to be made. We express these things mathematically. And when the mathematics is very simple, when in terms of some mathematical notation, you can write.