 in the United States and Canada, also going back to the Bible. Consider this. Like the prophets, all the superheroes are missing parents. Superman's parents died on a krypton before the age of one. Bruce Wayne, who becomes Batman, loses his parents at the age of six in Gotham City. Spider-Man is raised by his aunt and uncle. And all of them, just like the prophets, who get their message from God through Gabriel, get their message from above. Peter Parker is in a library in Manhattan when the spider descends from above and gives him his message through a bite. Bruce Wayne is in his bedroom when a big bat flies over his head and he sees it as an element to become Batman. Superman is not only sent to earth from the heavens or krypton, but he's sent in a pod much like Moses was on the Nile. And you hear the voice of his father, Joel, saying to earth, I have sent to you my only son. These are clearly biblical archetypes and what the thinking behind that was to create positive, globally resonating storylines that could be tied to the same things that other people were pulling neat messages on. Because then the person that's using religion for the wrong purpose just becomes a bad man with a bad message. And it's only by linking positive things that the negative can be dealing. This is the kind of thinking that went into creating the 99. The 99 references the 99 attributes of Allah and the Quran, things like generosity and mercy and foresight and wisdom and dozens of others that know two people in the world disagree about. It doesn't matter what your religion is and even if you're an atheist don't raise your kid telling them to make sure life three times a day. Right? There's a basic human values. And so the backstory of the 99 takes place in 1258, which history tells us the Mongols invaded Baghdad and destroyed it. All the books from that are the Hema library, the most famous library in its day. We're thrown in the Ta'idra's river and the Ta'idra's tinct is color within. It's a story passed on generation after generation. I re-rotest it. And in my version the librarians find out that this is going to happen. Here's a side note. If you want to comment what to do well, make the librarians the hero. It always works well. So the librarians find out and they get together a special solution or a chemical solution called Kingswater that when mixed with 99 stones would be able to say about that culture and history in the books. But the Mongols get their first. The books and this solution get thrown in the Ta'idra's river. Some librarians escape and over the course of days and weeks they dip the stones into the Ta'idras and suck up that collective wisdom that we often just lost the civilization. Those stones have then smuggled the three prayer beads of 33 stones each through Arabian to Andalusia in Spain where they're saved for 200 years. But in 1492 two important things happen. The first is the fall of Grenada. The last Muslim uncle is in Europe. The second is Columbus finally gets fun if he goes to India but he gets lost. So 33 of the stones are smuggled after the Nina that