 So to measure the distance that a single vine maple tree which produced this painting moved in a single year I simply measured and summed each of those lines I multiplied them by the number of twigs per branch and the number of branches per tree and then divided that by the number of minutes per year. And so I was able to calculate how far a single tree moved in a single year. You might have a guess, the answer is actually 186,540 miles or seven times around the globe. And so simply by shifting our perspective from a single trunk to the many dynamic twigs we're able to see that trees are not simply static entities but rather extremely dynamic. And I began to think about ways that we might consider this lesson of trees to consider other entities that are also static and stuck but which cry for change in dynamism. And one of those entities is our prisons. Prisons of course are where people who break our laws are stuck, confined behind bars and our prison system itself is stuck. The United States has over 2.3 million incarcerated men and women that number is rising. And the 100 incarcerated people that are released 60 will return to prison funds for education for training and for rehabilitation and declining. So this despairing cycle of incarceration continues. I decided to ask what the lesson I had learned from trees as artists could be applied to a static institution such as our prisons. And I think the answer is yes. In the year 2007 I started a partnership with the Washington State Department of prisons working with four prisons we began bringing science and scientists sustainability and conservation projects to four state prisons. We get science lectures and the men here are choosing to come to our science lectures instead of watching television or weightlifting. That I think is movement. We partnered with the nature conservancy for inmates at Stafford Creek Correctional Center to grow endangered prairie plants for restoration of relic prairie areas in Washington state. That I think is movement. We worked with the Washington State Department of Fish and Wildlife to grow endangered frogs, the Oregon spotted frog, for later release into protected wetlands. That I think is movement. And just recently we begun to work with those men who are segregated in what we call super max facilities. They've incurred violent infractions by becoming violent with guards and with other prisoners. They're kept in bare cells like this for 23 hours a day. When they have meetings with their review boards or mental health professionals, they're placed in immobile boots like this. For one hour day, they're brought to these bleak and bland exercise yards. And although we can't bring trees and prairie plants and frauds into these environments, we are bringing images of nature into these exercise yard, putting them on the wall. So at least they get contact with visual images of the world.