 And so there's over 120 million prescriptions out there right now for antidepressants. Prozac was really the first absolute blockbuster drug. It was clean, efficient, there was no high, there was really no danger, had no street value. In 1995 illegal drugs were a $400 billion business representing 8% of world trade roughly the same as gas and oil. These moots of happiness happen, really increased happiness very much. Another problem that's happening now is although the rates of happiness are about flat as the surface of the moon, depression anxiety arising. Something people might say this is because we have better diagnosis and more people are being found out. It isn't just that, we're seeing it all over the world. In the United States right now, there are more suicides and homicides. There's the rash of suicide in China and in the World Health Organization predicts by the year 2020 that depression will be the second largest cause of disability. Now the good news here is that if you take surveys from around the world, we see that about three quarters of people will say they're at least pretty happy. But this is not follow any of the usual trends. So for example, these two show great growth and income. Absolutely, flat happiness curve. My field of psychology, you know, having to pull a lot to help us move forward and understand human happiness. In part, we have legacy of Freud, who's a pessimist, who said that pursuit of happiness is a doomed quest. It's propelled by infantile aspects of the individual that he never be met in reality. He said one feels inclined to say that the intention that man should be happy is not included in the plan of creation. So the ultimate goal of psychoanalytic psychotherapy was really what Freud called ordinary misery. And it reflects the anatomy of the human emotion system, which is that we have both a positive and negative system. And our negative system is extremely sensitive. So for example, we're born loving the taste of something sweet and reacting aversively to the taste of something bitter. We also find that people are more averse to losing than they are happy to gain. The formula for happy marriage is five positive remarks or interactions for every one negative. And that's how powerful the one negative is, especially expressions of contempt or disgust will you really need a lot of positive jokes at that. I also put in a distress response. We're wired for dangers that are immediate, that are physical, that are imminent. As our body goes into an incredible reaction where, and Dr. Openway has come in. We have a system that is really ancient and it's really different physical danger. And so over time, this becomes a stress response, which has enormous impacts on the body, cortisol, blood, subbray, it destroys the porcelain cells and memory and it can lead to a lot of pain.