 make an impact on India. The first to my mind is what I call as the ideas that I've arrived. These ideas have brought together something which has made it, made India happen the way it is today. The second set of ideas I call as ideas in progress, those are ideas which have been accepted but not implemented here. The third set of ideas, what I call as ideas that we argue about, those are the ideas where we have a fight, an ideological battle about how to do things. And the fourth thing which I believe is most important is the ideas that we need to anticipate because when you are a developing country in the world where you can see the problems that other countries are having, we can actually anticipate what they did and do things very differently. Now in India's case, I believe there are six ideas which are responsible for where it has come today. The first is really the notion of people. In the 60s and 70s, we thought of people as a burden, we thought of people as a liability. Today we talk of people as an asset, we talk of people as human capital. And I believe this change in the mindset of looking at people from something as a burden to human capital as being one of the fundamental changes in the Indian mindset. And this change in the thing of human capital is linked to the fact that India is going to a demographic dividend as healthcare improves as infant mortality goes down, fertility rates start dropping and India is experiencing that. And India is going to have a lot of young people with a demographic dividend for the next 30 years. And what is unique about this demographic dividend is that India will be the only country in the world to have this demographic dividend. In other words, it will be the only young country in an aging world. And this is very important. At the same time, if you peel away the demographic dividend in India, there are actually two demographic curves. One is in the south and the west of India, which is already fully going to be fully expense by 2015. Because in that part of the country, there is the fertility rate is almost equal to that of a West European country. And then there is the whole Northern India, which is going to be the bulk of the future demographic dividend. But a demographic dividend is only as good as the investment in your human capital. Only if the people have education, they have good health, they have infrastructure, they have roads to go to work, they have light to study at night. Only in those cases can you really get the benefit of a demographic dividend. In other words, if you don't really invest in a human capital, the same demographic dividend can be a demographic disaster. And therefore, India is at the critical point, but either it can leverage its demographic dividend or it can lead to a demographic disaster. The second thing in India has been the change in the role of entrepreneurs. When India got independence, entrepreneurs were seen as a bad lot, as people who would exploit. But today, after 60 years, because the rise of entrepreneurship, entrepreneurs have become role-playing.