 is in Massachusetts that was John Kerry's home state. No big surprise, Obama couldn't do better than Kerry there or in Arizona, which is John McCain's home. Obama didn't have much improvement. But there's also this part of the country kind of in the middle region here. This kind of Arkansas, Tennessee, Oklahoma, West Virginia region, now you look at 96, Bill Clinton, the West Democrat to actually win. How he did in 96, you see real big differences in this part of the country right here. And kind of Appalachians, Ozarks, Pilates region, as I call it, 20 or 30 point swings from how Bill Clinton did in 96, how Obama did in 2008. Yes, Bill Clinton was from Arkansas. These are very, very profound differences. So when we think about parts of the country like Arkansas, you know, and there's a book written called What's the Matter with Kansas, but really the question here, Obama did relatively well in Kansas. He lost badly, but every Democrat does. He lost no worse than most people do. But yeah, what's the matter with Arkansas? And when we think of Arkansas, we tend to have pretty negative kind of tensions. We think of a bunch of red next quarter with guns and we think people like this probably don't want to vote for us people who look like this, their name, Barack Obama. We think it's a matter of race. And is this fair? Are we kind of stigmatizing people from Arkansas on this part of the country? And the answer is it is at least partially fair. And we know that race was a factor in the recent, why we know that is because we asked those people. I'm actually, we didn't ask them, but when they conducted exit polls in every state, in 37 states out of the fifth, they asked the question that was pretty direct about race. They asked this question. And the signing your vote for present today was the race of the candidate, a factor. We're like people that said, yes, race was a factor. Moreover, it was an important factor in my decision. And people who voted for John McCain as a result of that factor, maybe in combination with other factors, maybe alone. We're looking for this behavior among white voters are really non-black voters. So you see big differences in different parts of the country on this question. In Louisiana, about one in five white voters said, yes, one of the big reasons why I voted against Barack Obama is because he was an African-American. If those people had voted for Obama, even half of them, Obama would have won Louisiana safely. Same as true. I think all of these states are going to top the list. Meanwhile, California, New York, we can say, oh, we're enlightened, but certainly much lower incidence of this. Addicted, I suppose, manifestation of racially-based voting. Here's the same data on a map. You kind of see the relationship between the redder states and where more people responded and said, yes, Barack Obama's race was a problem for me. You see, comparing the map to 96, you see an overlap here. This really seems to explain why Barack Obama did worse in this one part of the country. So we have to ask, why is race isn't predictable in some way? Is there something thriving this? Is it just about some weird stuff that goes on in Arkansas that we understand it can tucky, or are there more systematic factors that work? And so we can look at a bunch of different variables. These are things that economists and political scientists look at all.