 penguin and she was still skeptical. So literally a few minutes before that I downloaded this scientific paper about calculations on avian depotation. Which is really quite interesting because it turns out you can model this as something called who sells flow and you can learn an awful lot about the physics of the avian rectum actually technically is not a rectum is called a colaca. At this point she stops me and she says who are you? What do you do? And I was stuck because I didn't have any way to describe what I do and so in some sense this talk today is my answer to that it's a selection of a random bunch of the stuff that I do and it's very hard for me to make sense of it so I'm not sure that you can. It's the kind of thing that I sit up late at night thinking about sometimes often it for in the morning. So some people are afraid of what I do. Some people think I am the nerd Tony soprano and in response I've ordered a bulletproof puck detector. I'm not sure what these people think because I don't speak norse but I'm not thinking monster is a good thing. I don't know you know. So one of the things that I love to do is travel around the world and look at archaeological sites because archaeology gives us an opportunity to study past civilizations and see where they succeeded and where they failed. You science to work backwards and say well really what were they thinking? And recently I was in East Rion which is an incredibly beautiful place and incredibly mysterious place because no matter where you go in East Rion you're struck by these statues called the Moai. Place is 64 square miles they made so far as we can tell 900 of them. Why honors? And if you haven't read Jared Diamond's book collapse I totally recommend that you do he's got a great chapter about it. Basically these people committed ecological suicide in order to make more of these and somewhere along the line somebody said I know let's cut down the last tree and commit suicide because we need more identical statues. And one thing that isn't a mystery actually when I grew up I was a kid I've seen these pictures. Well why that look on the face why that brow I mean it's such a powerful thing where did they get that inspiration and then I met Yo-Yo who is the native Rafa Nui and Guy and if you look at Yo-Yo's face you kind of figure out where they got it. There's many mysteries these statues everyone also how do they made them how do they transport them.