 through a power line, through RF, it takes the original principle of the internet, which is internet-working computers, and now that devices, internet-work, that we can take the whole idea that gave birth to the internet and bring it down to the physical world in this internet zero, this internet of devices. So this is the next step from there to here, and this is getting commercialized today. A step after that is a project on fungible computers. Fungible goods and economics can be extended and traded, so half as much grain as half as much as useful, what half a baby or half a computer is less useful than a whole baby or a whole computer. And we've been trying to make computers that work that way. So what you see in the background is a prototype. This was from a thesis of a student, Bill butar, and now at Intel, who wondered why instead of making bigger and bigger chips, you don't make small chips, put them in a viscous medium, and pour out computing by the pound or by the square inch. And that's what you see here. On the left was Post-Script being rendered by a conventional computer. On the right is Post-Script being rendered from the first prototype we made. But there's no frame buffer, IO-professor, any of that stuff. It's just this material. Unlike this screen where the dots were placed carefully, this is a raw material. If you add twice as much of it, you have twice as much display. If you shoot a gun through the middle, nothing happens. If you need more resource, you just apply more computer. So that's the step after this, of computing is a raw material. That's still conventional bits. So step after that is this is an early prototype in the lab. This is high speed video slowed down. Now integrating chemistry and computation where the bits are bubbles, this is showing making bits. This is showing once again slowed down. So you can see it bits interacting to do logic and multiplexing and demultiplexing. So now we can compute but the output ranges material as well as information. And ultimately these are some slides from an early project I did, computing where the bits are stored, upon them mechanically and the nuclei of atoms. So programs rearrange the nuclear structure of molecules. All of these are in the lab pushing further and further and further, not as metaphor, but literally integrating bits and atoms. And they lead to the following recognition. We all we know we've had a digital revolution, but what is that? Well Shannon took us in the forties from here to here, from a telephone being a speaker wire that degraded with distance to the internet. And he proved the first threshold theorem that shows if you add information and remove it to a signal, you can compute perfectly with an imperfect device. And that's when we got the internet. Van Neumann in the 50s did the same thing for computing. He showed you can have an unreliable computer but restore state to make it perfect. This was the last great analog computer at MIT, a differential analyzer. And the more you ran at the worst they answer got. After Van Neumann we have the penny and where the billions transistor is as reliable as the first one. But all of sabrecation is down in the slower left corner, a state-of-the-art airplane factory rotating metal wax at fixed metal where you may be melt some plastic. A $10 billion chip fab uses a process