 Power always on in our houses things like schools across the street in hospitals down the road and popsicles in the backyard We grew up and we grew older. I went to high school. I Graduated I moved out of the house. I got a job found a girl settled down And I realized it sounds like a bad sitcom or a cat Steven song But life was pretty good life was pretty good 2006 was a great year Under clear blue skies in July in the wine region of Ontario. I got married started to buy 150 family and friends 2007 was a great year. I It's graduated from school and I went on a road trip with two of my closest friends Here's a picture of me and my friend Chris on the coast of the Pacific Ocean We actually saw seals out of our car window and we pulled over to take a quick picture of them and then locked them with our giant heads So you can't actually see them, but it was breathtaking Believe me 2008 2009 were a little tougher. I know that they were tougher for a lot of people not just me First of all the news was so heavy. It's still heavy now and it was heavy before that But you know when you flip open a newspaper when you turned on the TV it was about ice caps melting Wars going on around the world earthquakes Hurricanes and an economy that was wobbling on the brink of collapse and then eventually did did collapse and So many of us losing our homes or our jobs or our retirements or our livelihoods 2008 2009 were heavy years for me for another reason too. I was going through a lot of personal problems at the time my marriage wasn't going well and We just were growing further and further apart One day my wife came home from work and some in the courage through a lot of tears to have very honest conversation And she said I don't love you anymore and it was One of the most painful things I've ever heard and certainly the most heartbreaking thing I've ever heard Until only a month later when I heard something even more heartbreaking My friend Chris who I just showed you a picture of have been battling mental illness for some time and For those of you whose lives have been touched by mental and the scene of how challenging it can be I Spoke them on the phone at 10.30 p.m. On a Sunday night We talked about the TV show we watched that evening and Monday morning I found out that he disappeared very sadly he took his own life and It was a really heavy time and as these dark clouds were circling me and I was Finding it really really difficult to think of anything good. I said to myself that I really needed