 is what we usually see. What we want to look at is Africa, the next chapter. And that's this healthy, smiling, beautiful Africa. And I think it's worth remembering what we've heard through this conference, right from the first day, where I heard that all the important statistics have been given, about where we are now, about how the continent is doing much better. And the importance of that is that we have a platform to build them. So I'm not going to spend too much time just to show you, refresh your memories that we are here for Africa, the next chapter, because for the first time, there really is a platform to build on. We really do have it going right, that the continent is growing, it rates that people thought would not happen after decades or 2% were not 5% and it's going to projected 6% and 7% even. And inflation has come down external debt, something that I can tell you a long story about, because I personally worked on one of the biggest debts on the continent has come down dramatically. You know, as you can see, from almost 50 billion down to about 12 or 13 billion now, this is a huge achievement. You know, we built up reserves. Why is that important? It's because it shows up by economies, shows up our currencies and gives a platform on which people can plan and build and include in business. We've also seen some evidence that all this is making a difference because private investment flows have increased. I want to remind you again, I know you saw this statistics before. From almost 6 billion, we are not about 18 billion in 2005. Remittance is I just to point on continent, you know, skyrocketing or skyrocketing is too dramatic, but go to increase in dramatically. And many other countries this is happening. Why is this important? Because it shows confidence that people are now confident to bring, if your people in the diaspora bring their money back, it shows other people that look, there is emerging confidence in your country and instead of an outflow, you're now getting a netting. Now why is all this important? I have to go really fast. It's important that we build this platform that we have the present equates and others of our leaders, as well as same look we must do something different because we are confronted with a challenge. 62% of our population is below the age of 24. What does this mean? This means that we have to focus on how are you that are going to be engaged in productive and deviant their lives. You have to focus on how to create jobs, make sure they don't fall into disease that they get an education, but most of all that they are productive engage in life and that they are creating the kind of productive environment in our countries that will make things happen. And to support this, I just recently, one of the things I've done since leaving government.