 Afrika, hwbh, afrika, maleria, afrika, afrika, afrika, afrika, afrika, afrika, afrika, afrika, afrika, afrika, afrika, afrika. Well, it is true that those things are going on. There is an afrika that you don't hear about very much, and sometimes I'm puzzled, and I ask myself why. This is the afrika that is changing, that Chris alluded to. This is the afrika of opportunity. This is the afrika where people want to take charge of their own futures and their own destinies, and this is the afrika where people are looking for partnerships to do this. That's what I want to talk about today, and I want to start by telling you a story about that change in Africa. On 15th of September 2005, Mr. De Priya, La Mesega, a governor of one of the oil rich states of Nigeria was arrested by the London Metropolitan Police. On a visit to London, he was arrested because there were transfers of $8 million that went into some dominant accounts that belonged to him and his family. This arrest occurred because there was cooperation between the London Metropolitan Police and the economic and financial crimes commission of Nigeria led by one of our most evil and courageous people, Mr. Nuhu-Ribad. La Mesega was arraigned in London due to some slip-offs, he managed to escape dressed as a woman, and ran from London back to Nigeria where, according to a constitution, those in office, as governors, presidents, as in many countries, have immunity and cannot be prosecuted. But what happened? People were so outraged by this behavior that it was possible for his state legislator to impeach him and get him out of office. Today, alarms, as we call him, for sure, is in jail. This is a story about the fact that people in Africa are no longer willing to tolerate corruption from their leaders. This is a story about the fact that people want their resources managed properly for their good and not taken out to places where they'll benefit just a few of their leads. And therefore, when you hear about the corrupt Africa, corruption all the time, I want you to know that the people and the governments are trying hard to fight this in some of the countries, and that some successes are emerging. Does it mean the problem is over the answer is no? There's still a long way to go, but that there's a will there, and that successes are being shocked up on this very important fight. So when you hear about corruption, don't just feel that nothing is been done about this that you can't talk.