 have electricity at home or at school. And in some countries, let me pick Afghanistan, 75% of the little girls don't go to school. I don't mean that they drop out of school on the third of fourth day. They don't go. So in the three years, since I talked at Ted and showed a prototype, it's gone from an idea to a real laptop. We have half a million laptops today in the hands of children. We have about 1,400,000 in transit to those and other children. And then there are another 1,400,000 more that are being ordered at this moment. So in rough numbers, there are 1,400,000 laptops. That's smaller than I predicted. I predicted 3 to 10 million. But it is still a very large number. In Colombia, we have about 3,000 laptops. It's the Minister of Defense with who we're working. Not the Minister of Education, because it is seen as a strategic defense issue. In the sense of liberating these zones that had been completely closed off, in which the people who have been causing, if you will, 40 years worth of bombings and kidnappings and assassinations live. And suddenly, the kids have connected laptops. They've leapfrogged. Now, the change is absolutely monumental, because it's not just opening it up. It's opening up to the rest of the world. So yes, they're built roads. Yes, they're putting it in telepharm. Yes, the television. But the kids, six to 12 years old, are surfing the internet in Spanish and in local languages. So the children grow up with access to information, with a window into the rest of the world before they were closed off. Interestingly enough, in other countries, it'll be the Minister of Finance, who sees it as an engine of economic growth. And that engine is going to see the results in 20 years. It's not going to happen in one year, but it's an important, deeply economic and cultural change that happens through children. 31 countries in total are involved. And in the case of Uruguay, half the children already have them. And by the middle of 2009, every single child in Uruguay will have a laptop, a little green lamp. Now, what are some of the results? Some of the results that go across every single country include teachers saying they have never loved teaching so much. And reading comprehension measured by third parties, not by us, sky markets. Probably the most important thing we see is children teaching parents. They own the laptops, they take them home. And so when I met with three children in the schools, who had traveled all day to come to Bogota.