 The day of death rate, 150,000 people per day, which is a huge number by any standard, the annual death rate then becomes 56 million. If we just look at the single biggest cost of death, aging, and to count for roughly two thirds of all human people who die, that's an up to an annual death toll greater than the population of Canada. Sometimes we don't see a problem because either it's too familiar or it's too big, can't see it because it's too big. I think death might be both too familiar and too big for most people to see it as a problem. Once you think about it, this is not statistical points. These are, let's see how far have I talked. They're taught for three minutes. So that would be roughly 324 people have died since I've been against speaking. People like, it's roughly the population in this room, it's just died. Now, the human cost of that is obvious once you start to think about it, suffering, loss. It's also economically enormously wasteful. I'll just look at the information and knowledge and experience that is lost due to natural causes of death in general and 18 in particular. Suppose we approximate one person with one vote. Now, of course, this is an under-esdimension, a person's lifetime of learning and experience is a lot more than you could put into a single book. But let's suppose we did this. 52,000 people died of natural causes each year, corresponds then to 52 million volumes destroyed. Library of Congress holds 18 million volumes. We are upset about the burning of the Library of Alexandria. It's one of the great cultural tragedies that we remember even today. But this is the equivalent of three libraries of Congress burned down forever, lost each year. So that's the first big problem. And I wish Godspeed to already gray and other people like him to try to do something about this as soon as possible. Existential risk, the second big problem. Existential risk is a threat to human survival or to the long-term potential of our species. Now, why do I say that this is a big problem? Let's first look at the probability. This is very, very difficult to estimate. But there have been only four studies on this in recent years, which is a pricing. We think that we have some interest to try to find out more about this, given that this stakes are so big. But it's a very neglected area. There have been four studies. One by John Leslie wrote a book on this. He estimated the probability that we will fail to survive the current century, 50%. Similarly, the astronomer royal, and we heard, speak yesterday, also has a 50% probability estimate.