 and just a father and son trying to survive walking along the road. And I think the environmental movement of which I am a part of has been complicit in creating this vision of the future. For too long we have peddled a nightmareish vision of what's going to happen. We have focused on the worst-case scenario. We have focused on the problems and we have not thought enough about the solutions. We've used fear if you like to grab people's attention. And any psychologist will tell you that fear in the organism is linked to the flight mechanism. It's part of the flight and flight mechanism. That when an animal is frightened think of a deer. A deer freezes very very still, poised to run away. And I think that's what we're doing when we're asking people to engage with our agenda around environmental degradation and climate change. People are freezing and running away because we're using fear. And I think the environmental movement has to grow up and start to think about what progress is. What would it be like to be improving the human lot? And one of the problems that we face I think is that the only people that corner the market in terms of progress is a financial definition of what progress is. An economic definition of what progress is. But somehow if you get the right numbers to go up we're going to be better off. Whether that's on the stock market, whether that's with GDP and economic growth. But somehow life is going to get better. This is somehow appealing to human greed instead of fear. That more is better. Come on. In the Western world we have enough. Maybe some parts of the world down but we have enough. And we've known for a long time that this is not a good measure of the welfare of nations. In fact the architect of our national accounting system Simon Kuznetz in the 1930s said that a nation's welfare can scarcely be inferred from their national income. But we've created a national accounting system which is firmly based on production and producing stuff. And indeed this is probably historical it had its time in the second world war we needed to produce a lot of stuff. And indeed we were so successful at producing certain types of stuff that we destroyed a lot of Europe and we had to rebuild it afterwards. And so our national accounting system became fixated on what we can produce. But as early as 1968 this visionary man Robert Kennedy at the start of his ill-fated presidential campaign gave the most eloquent deconstruction of gross national product that ever has been. And he finished his talk with the phrase that the gross national product measures everything except that.