 30 seconds to make one short crisp, pungent, powerful point. So in favor of the proposition, possibly shockingly, is one of truly the founders of the environmental movement, a long-standing tester, the founder of the holocaust catalog, some of you all know, love, Stuart Brand. Oh! Saying is that we climate those who know the most are the most worried. The nuclear, those who know the most are the least worried. The classic example is James Hanson, NASA climatologist, pushing for 350 parts per million carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, came out with a wonderful book recently called Strums My Grinchold. Hanson is hard-over for nuclear power, as are most climatologists who are engaging this issue seriously. This is the design situation, a planet that is facing climate change and is now half urban. Look at the client base for this five out of six of us live in the developing world. We are moving to cities, we are moving up in the world, and we are educating our kids, having fewer kids, basically good news all around, but we move to cities toward the bright lights, one of the things that is there that we want besides jobs is electricity, and if it isn't easily gotten, we'll go ahead and steal it. This is one of the most desired things by poor people all over the world, the cities and in the countryside. Electricity for cities at as best is what's called baselo electricity. That square, it is on all the time, and so far there are only three major sources of that. Coal and gas, hydroelectric, which in most places is maxed out in nuclear. I would love to have something in the fourth place here, but in terms of constant, clean, scalable energy, nuclear and wind, and the other renewables are there yet because they're in constant. Nuclear is and has been for 40 years. From an environmental standpoint, the main thing you want to look at is what happens to the waste from nuclear and from coal, the two major sources electricity. If all of your electricity and your lifetime came from nuclear, the waste from that lifetime of electricity would go in a coke can, pretty heavy coke can, about two pounds, but one day of coal adds up to one hell of a lot of carbon dioxide, it a normal one giga lot coal fired plant. Then what happens to the waste? The nuclear waste typically goes into a dry cast storage out back in the parking lot of Re-Eye Star site, because most places don't have underground storage yet, just as well. You can stay where it is, all the carbon dioxide, vast quantities of it. Gigatons goes into the atmosphere where we can't get it back yet, and we're just causing the problem