 that had taken me over a decade to reach. Twice, she was involved in surgeries where they lost power at the hospital. Emergency generators did not start. There was not a flashlight, not a lantern, not a candle, pitch black. Patients cut open twice. The first time, it was a C-section. Thankfully, baby was out. Mother and child survived. The second time, was a procedure that involved local anesthesia. An aesthetic wearer saw. Patient feels pain. He's crying, screaming. He's praying. pitch black. Not a candle. Not a flashlight. In that hospital, could have afforded flashlights. It could have afforded to purchase these things, but they didn't. It happened twice. Another time, she watched in horror, as nurses watched a patient die, because it refused to give her oxygen that they had. And so, three months later, just before she returns to the United States, nurses in that crowd go on strike, and her recommendation is, take this up. You need to fire everyone. Start all over again. Start all over again. Now, what does this have to do with leadership? You see, the faults of the Ministry of Health, the hospital administrators, the doctors, the nurses, they are among just 5% of their peers, who get an education after secondary school. They are the elite. They are our leaders. Their decisions, their actions matter. And when they fail, a nation literally suffers. So, when I speak of leadership, I'm not talking about just political leaders. We've heard a lot about that. I'm talking about the elite. Those who've been trained, whose job it is, to be the guardians of their society, the lawyers, the judges, the policemen, the doctors, the engineers, the civil servants. Those are the leaders, and we need to train them right. Now, my first pointed and memorable experiential leadership in Ghana occurred when I was 16 years old. We had just had a military coup. And soldiers were pervasive in our society. They were pervasive presence. And one day I go to the airport to meet my father. And as I walk up this grassy slope from