 Compassion because a billion people are living in societies that have not offered credible hope. That is a human tragedy. And lightens self-interest because if that economic divergence continues for another 40 years, combined with social integration globally, it will build a nightmare for our children. We need compassion to get ourselves started and enlighten self-interest to get ourselves serious. That is the alliance that changes them. So what does it mean to get serious about providing hope for the bottom Billy? What can we actually do? Well, a good guide is to think what did we do last time the rich world got serious about developing another region from the court? That gives us turns out quite a good clue, except you have to go back quite a long time. The last time the rich world got serious about developing another region was in the late 1940s. The rich world was you, America, and the region that needed to be developed was my world, Europe. That was post-war Europe. Why did America get serious? It wasn't just compassion for Europe, though there was that. It was you knew you had. Because in the late 1940s, country after country in central Europe was falling into the Soviet block. And so you knew you had no choice. Europe had to be dragged into economic development. So what did you do last time you got serious? Well, yes, you had a big aid program. Thank you very much. That was martial aid. We need to do it again. Aid is part of the solution. But what else did you do? Well, you tore up your trade policy and totally reversed it. Before the war, America had been highly protectionist. After the war, you open your markets to Europe, you drag Europe into the then global economy to zero economy, and you institutionalize that trade globalization through founding the general agreement of tariffs and trade. So total reversal of trade policy. Do you do anything else? Yes. You totally reversed your security policy. Before the war, your security policy had been isolationist. After the war, you tear that up. You put 100,000 troops in Europe for over 40 years. So.