 Grand molecular disassemblers of nature, the soil magicians, they generate the humus soils across the land masses of earth. We have now discovered that there is a multi-directional transfer of nutrients between plants mitigated by the mycelium. So the mycelium is the mother that is giving nutrients from alder and birch trees to hemlocked cedars and Douglas firs. That's in I. We like to say on Sunday this is where we go to church. I'm in love with the old growth forest and I'm a patriotic American because we have those. Most of you are familiar with portabello mushrooms and frankly I face a big obstacle when I mention mushrooms is somebody immediately think portabellas or magic mushrooms or eyes glaze glaze over and they think I'm well-crazy. So I hope that peers that prejudice forever with this group. We call it microphobia, the irrational fear of the unknown that comes to fungi. Mushrooms are very fast in their growth day 21 day 23 day 25. Mushrooms produce strong antibiotics. In fact we're more closely related to fungi than we are to any other kingdom. A group of 20 eukaryotic microbiologists published a paper two years ago erecting opus the conta a super kingdom that joins anomalia and fungi together. We share in common the same pathogens fungi don't like to rub from bacteria and so our best antibiotics come come from fungi but here is a mushroom that's passed this prime after they spoil it they do rot. I oppose to you that the sequence of microbes that occur on rotting mushrooms are essential for the health of the forest to give rise to the trees to create the debris fields that feed the mycelium and so we can see a mushroom here is sporylating and it is for germinating and the mycelium forms and goes underground and a single cubic inch of soil that can be more than eight miles of these cells. My foot is covering approximately 300 miles of mycelium. This is photomicrographs from Nick Reed at Patrick Hickey and notice that as the mycelium grows and conquer territory and then it begins the net. I've been a skinning electron macroscopus for many years I've thousand electron micrographs and when I was staring at the mycelium I realized that there are micropotration membranes. We exhale carbon dioxide so does mycelium. It entails oxygen just like we do but these are essentially externalized stomachs and lungs and I present to you the concept that these are extended neurological membranes and in these cavities these micro cavities form and as a few soils they absorb water these are little wells and inside these wells and microbial communities begin to form and so the spongy soil not only resist erosion but sets up a microbial universe that gives rise to to a plurality of other organisms. I first proposed in the early 1990s that mycelium is Earth's natural internet.