 The way that we did this is we tried to start with Emily herself who was gracious enough to come to our laboratory in Marina del Rey and sit for a session in light stage 5. This is a face scanning sphere with 156 white LEDs all around that allow us to photograph her in a series of very controlled illumination conditions. And the lighting that we use these days looks something like this. We shoot all of these photographs in about three seconds and we basically capture enough information with video projector patterns that drape over the contours of her face and different principal directions of light from the light stage to figure out both the core scale and the fine-spiel detail of her face. If we zoom in on this photograph right here you can see it's a really nice photograph to have with her because she's lit from absolutely everywhere at the same time to get a nice image over facial texture. And in addition we've actually used polarizers on all the lights just like polarized sunglasses can block the glare off of the road polarizers can block the shine off of the skin so we don't get all those specular reflections to take this map. Now if we turn the polarizers around just a little bit we can actually bring that specular reflection of the skin back in and you can see she looks kind of shiny and oily at this point. And if you take the difference between these two images here you can get an image lit from the entire sphere of light of just the shine off of Emily's skin. I don't think any photograph like this has ever been taken before we had done this. This is very important light to capture because this is the light that reflects off of the first surface of the skin doesn't get underneath the transverse layers of the skin and blur out. And as a result it's a very good cue to the detailed shape of the skin pore structure and all the fine wrinkles that all of us have the things that actually make us look like real humans. So if we use information that comes off of the specular reflection we can go from a traditional face scan that might have the gross contours of the face in the basic shape and augment it with information that puts in all of that skin pore structure and fine wrinkles. And even more importantly since this is a photometric process that only takes three seconds to capture we can shoot Emily in just part of an afternoon in many different facial poses and different facial expressions. So here you can see her moving her eyes around moving her mouth around and these were actually going to use to create a photo real digital character. So if you take a look at these scans that we have of Emily you can see that the human face does an enormous amount of amazing things as it goes into different facial expressions. You can see things not only the base shape changes but all sorts of different skin buckling and skin wrinkling occurs. You can see that the skin pore structure changes enormously from stretched skin pores to the regular skin texture. You can see the fruos in the brow and how the microstructure changes there. You can see muscles pulling down it's flesh to bring our eyebrows down or muscles bulging in her forehead when she wins this like that. In addition to this kind of high resolution geometry since it's all captured with cameras we get a great texture map to use for the face. By looking at how the different color channels of the illumination the red and the green and the blue diffuse the light differently we can come up with a way of shading