 written by Russell Baker who used to write an observed column in the New York Times. He was a wonderful humorist and I'm going to read you this essay or an excerpt from it because it really hit home for me. Here is a letter of friendly advice. Be serious it says what it means of course is be solemn. Being solemn is easy. Being serious is hard. Children almost always begin by being serious which is what makes them so entertaining when compared with adults as a class. Adults on the whole are solemn. In politics the rare candidate who is serious like Adly Stevenson is easily overwhelmed by one who is solemn like Eisenhower. That's because it's hard for most people to recognize seriousness which is rare but more comfortable to endure solemnity which is commonplace. Jogging which is commonplace and widely accepted is good for you is solemn. Poker is serious. Washington DC is solemn. New York is serious. Going to educational conferences to tell you anything about the future is solemn. Taking a long walk by yourself during which you devise a foolproof scheme for robbing Tiffany's is serious. Now when I apply Russell Baker's definition of solemnity or seriousness to design it doesn't necessarily make any particular point about quality. Salam design is often important and very effective design. Salam design is also socially correct and is accepted by appropriate audiences. It's what right thinking designers and clients are striving to. Serious design serious play is something else. For one thing it often happens spontaneously. Intuitively, accidentally or incidentally it can be achieved out of innocence or arrogance or out of selfishness sometimes out of carelessness. But mostly it's achieved through all those kind of crazy parts of human behavior that don't really make any sense. Serious design is imperfect. It's filled with the kind of craft flaws that come from something being the first of its kind. Serious design is also often quite unsuccessful from the solemn point of view. That's because the art of serious play is about invention, change, rebellion, not perfection. Perfection happens during solemn play. Now I always saw design careers like surreal staircases. If you look at the staircase you'll see that in your 20s the risers are very high and the steps are very short and you make huge discoveries. You sort of leap up very quickly in your youth. That's because you don't know anything and you have a lot to learn so that anything you do is learning experience and you're just jumping right up there. As you get older the risers get shallower and the steps get wider and you start moving along at a slower pace because you're making fewer discoveries and you get older and more.