 something I believe and there's something that we kind of bring to life through what we do at IDO. I call this first chapter for the Brits in the room, the blinding glimpse of the bleeding obvious. Often the good ideas are so staring at you right in the face that you kind of missed them and I think a lot of times what we do is just sort of hold the mirror up to our clients and sort of go, you know, look what's really going on. And rather than talking about it in the theory, I think I'm just going to show you an example. We were asked by a large health care system in Minnesota to describe to them what their patient experience was and I think they were expecting they'd worked with lots of consultants before I think they were expecting some kind of hideous orb-chard with thousands of bubbles and systemic this that and the other and all kinds of mic and that stuff or even worse some kind of ghastly death by PowerPoint thing with wow charts and all kinds of you know gardeners whatever. The first thing we actually shared with them was was this our play this into your eyeballs completely dissolved. This is 59 seconds into the film. This is a minute 59, three minutes 19. I think something happens. I think that head may appear in a second. Five minutes 10, five minutes 58, six minutes 20. We showed them the whole cut and they were all completely what what is this and the point is when you lie in a hospital bed all day all you do is look at the roof and it's a really shitty experience and just putting yourself in the position of the patient. This is Christian who works with us at I.D. He just lay in the hospital back and come up instead of the polestiring ceiling tiles for a really long time. That's what it's like to be a patient in the hospital and they were sort of you know blinding glimpse of breathing of his oh my goodness. So looking at the situation from the point of view with the person out as opposed to the traditional position of the organization in was for these guys quite a revelation and so that was a really catalytic thing for them. So they snapped into action and they said okay it's not about systemic change it's not about huge ridiculous things that we need to do is about tiny things that can make a huge amount of difference. So we started with them prototyping some really little things that we could do to have a huge amount of impact. The first thing we did was we took a little bicycle mirror and we band-aided it here onto a gurney or hospital trolley. So that when you were wheeled around by a nurse or by a doctor you could actually have a conversation with you can see them in your rearview mirror so it created a tiny human interaction. Very small example of something they could do. Interesting the nurses themselves sort of snapped into