 Now in the word, the answer is rules. Bad rules can prevent the kind of win-win solution that's available when people can bring new technologies in and make them available to someone like us. What kinds of rules? The electric company in this nation operates under a rule which says that it has to sell electricity at a very low subsidized price. In fact, the price that's so low it loses money on every unit that it sells. So it has neither the resources nor the incentive to hook up many other users. The president wanted to change this rule. He's seen that it's possible to have a different set of rules, rules where businesses earn a small profit so they have an incentive to sign up more customers. That's the kind of rules that the cell phone company that Nelson purchases his elephony from operates under. President has seen how those rules worked well. So he tried to change the rules for pricing of electricity but ran into a firestorm of protest from businesses, consumers who wanted to preserve the existing subsidized rates. So he was stuck with rules that prevented him from letting the win-win solution from helping his country and Nelson is stuck studying under the streetlights. The real challenge then is to try and figure out how we can change rules. Are there some rules we can develop for changing rules? I want to argue that there's a general abstract insight that we can make practical, which is that if we can give more choices to people and more choices to leaders who in many countries are also people. But it's useful to present the opposition between these two because the kind of choice you might want to give to a leader, a choice like giving the president the choice to raise prices on electricity, takes away a choice that people in the economy want. They want the choice to be able to continue consuming subsidized electric power. So if you give just to one side or the other, you'll have tension or friction. And if we can find ways to give more choices to both, that will give us a set of rules for changing rules and get us out of traps. Now Nelson also has access to the internet. He says that if you want to see the damaging effects of rules, the ways that rules can keep people in dark, look at the pictures from NASA of the Earth at night. In particular, check out Asia. Do zoom in here. You can see North Korea in outline here, which is like a black hole compared to its names. Now you won't be surprised to learn that the rules in North Korea keep people there in the dark. But it is important to recognize that North Korea and South Korea started out with identical sets of rules in both the center.