 how to go look for life on other planets, particularly Mars, but also Europa the small, icy moon around Jupiter, and perhaps someday far beyond our solar system itself. I'm very passionately interested in the human future on the moon and Mars, particularly in elsewhere in the solar system, I think it's time that we transitioned to a solar system going civilization and species. And as an outgrowth of all of this, then I wonder about whether we can and whether we even should think about transporting Earth-type life to other planets, notably Mars, as a first exam. Something I never talk about in scientific meetings is how I actually got to this state and why I do the work that I do, why don't I have a normal job, sensible job, and then of course, I blame the Soviet Union. Because in the mid-1950s, when I was a tiny child, they had the audacity to launch a very primitive little satellite called Sputnik, which sent the Western world into a hysterical tailspin. And a tremendous amount of money went into the funding of science and mathematics skills for kids, and I'm a product of that generation, like so many other of my peers. It really caught hold of us and caught fire. It would be lovely if we could reproduce that again now. Of course, refusing to grow up, even though I impersonate a grown-up in daily life, but I do a fairly good job of that. But really retaining that childlike quality of not caring what other people think about what you're interested in is really critical. The next element is the fact that I have applied a value judgment, and my value judgment is that the presence of life is better than no life. And so life is more valuable than no life. And so I think that that holds together a great deal of the work that people in this audience approach. I'm very interested in Mars, of course, and that was a product of my being a young undergraduate when the Viking landers landed on Mars. And that took what had been a tiny little astronomical object in the sky that you would see as a dot, and turned it completely into a landscape. Is that very first primitive picture came rastering across the screen. And when it became a landscape, it also became a destination. And altered really the course of my line. In my graduate years, I worked with my colleague and mentor and friend Steve Schneider at National Center for Atmospheric Research, working on global change issues. We've written a number of things on the role of Gaia hypothesis, whether or not you could consider Earth as a single entity in any meaningful scientific sense. And then as an outgrowth of that, I worked on the environmental consequences of nuclear war. So wonderful things and grim things. But what it taught me was to look at Earth as a planet with external eyes, not just as our home. And that is a wonderful stepping away in perspective to try to then think about the way our planet behaves as a planet.