 And there's another in joke amongst statisticians and that's had you tell the introverted statistician from the extroverted statistician. To which the answer is, the extroverted statisticians are one who looks at the other person's shoes. But I want to tell you something useful. And here it is. So concentrate now. This evening there's a reception in the University's Museum of Natural History and it's a wonderful setting as I hope you'll find a great icon to the best of the Victorian tradition. You might, it's very unlikely in this special setting and this collection of people, but you might just find yourself talking to someone you'd rather wish that you weren't. So here's what you do. When they say to you what you do, you say, I'm a statistician. And they've been pre-worn now and they'll know you're making it up. And then one of two things will happen. I'll either discover their long lost cousin in the other corner of the room and run over and talk to them. Or they'll suddenly become parched and or hungry and often both and spread off for a drink and some food. And you'll be left in peace to talk to the person you really want to talk to. It's one of the challenges in our profession to try and explain what we do. We're not top of people's lists for dinner party guests and conversations and so on. And it's something I've never really found a good way of doing. But my wife who has been my girlfriend managed it much better than I've ever been able to many years ago when we first started going out. She was working at the BBC in Britain and I was at that stage working in America. I was coming back to visit her. She told us to one of her colleagues who said, well, what does your boyfriend do? Sarah thought quite hard about the things I'd explained and she concentrated in those days on listening. And she was, don't tell her that. And she was thinking about the work I did developing mathematical models for understanding evolution and modern genetics. So when her colleague said, what does he do? She paused and said, he models things. Well, the colleagues suddenly got much more interested than I had any right to expect. And went on and said, what does he model? What Sarah thought a little bit more about my work and said, genes. He models genes. That is my first love and that's what I'll tell you a little bit about. What I want to do more generally is to get you thinking about the place of uncertainty and randomness and chance in our world and how we react to that and how well we do what don't think about it. So you've had a pretty easy time up to our few laughs and all that kind of thing in the talks to date. You've got to think and I'm going to ask you some questions. So here's the scene for the first question I'm going to ask you. You imagine tossing your coin successfully. And for some reason, which will remain rather vague, where it's just in a particular pattern, which is one ahead followed by a tail followed by a tail. So suppose we toss a coin repeatedly, then the pattern head tail.