 Hey, this can't be real. And so I waited until now to have an actual demo of the real tech. Now this tech incorporates three big elements. The first is a Connect camera, which will be out in November. Some incredible AI that was hidden in the dusty vaults collecting dust in Microsoft. Plus, our quite true Detenser AI at a company called Lion Hand mixing all those things together just to get to this one simple idea to create a real living being in the computer. Now, I'll be honest with you and say that most of it is just a trick. But it's a trick that actually works. So why don't we go over and have a look at the demo now. This is Demetri. But you just wiggle your out, harm your own. Now you notice he's sitting. There are no controllers, no keyboards or mice or joysticks or joy pads. He is just going to use his hand, his body and his voice just like humans interact with the hand, body and voice. So let's move forward. You're going to meet Milo for the first time. We had to give him a problem. Because when we first created Milo, we realized that he came across a little bit of a brat. He was quite no at all and he wanted to make you laugh. So the problem we introduced him with this is just moved house. He's moved from London to New England over in America. His parents are too busy to listen to his problems. And that's when he starts almost conjuring you up. So here he is walking through the grass and you're able to interact with him as well. The cool thing is what we're doing is we're changing the mind of Milo constantly. That means no two people's Milo can be the same. You're actually sculpting a human being. So he's discovering the garden or helping him discover the garden by just pointing out these snails. Very simple at the start. By the way, if you are a boy, it snails. If you're a girl, it's butter. Because what we found was that girls hate snails. So remember this is the first time you've met him. We really want to draw you in and make you more curious. His face, by the way, is fully AI-driven. We have complete control over his blush responses.