 and see in the aliens every night and try to write a counter-argument to it and put out what does it really take for North to be have or a planet to be in Earth to have a place where you could probably get not just life but complexity which requires a huge amount of evolution and therefore a constancy of conditions. So in 2003 we then asked let's not think about where Earth's space but how long has Earth been Earth? If you go back two billion years you're not on the Earth like planet anymore what we call Earth like planet is actually a very short interval of time. Well where Earth actually taught me an awful lot about meeting public right after I got an invitation to go to science fishing convention and with all great earnestness walked in David Brinn was gonna debate me on this and as I walked in the crowd of a hundred started Boolean Lustily and a girl came up to say my dad says you're their double. You cannot take people's aliens away from them and expect to be anybody's friends. Well the second part of that soon after and I was talking to Paul Allen that saw him in the audience and I handed him a copy of Rare Earth and Jill Tartor was there and she turned to me and she looked to me just like that girl in the exorcist was it burns it burns because SETI doesn't want to hear this. SETI wants there to be stuff out there. I really applaud the SETI efforts but we have not heard anything yet and I really do think we have to start thinking about what's a good planet and what is now I throw this slide up because it indicates to me that even if SETI does hear something can we figure out what they said because this is a slide that was passed between the two major intelligences on Earth a Mac to a PC. And it can't even get the letters right. So how are we gonna talk to the aliens and if they're fifty light years away and we call them up and you blah blah blah blah and the fifty years later comes back and they say please repeat when there we are. Our planet is the good planet because you keep water Mars is a bad planet but it's still good enough for us to go there and to live on its surface protected but Venus is a very bad the worst planet. Even though it's Earthlike and even though early in his history it made very well of Harvard Earthlife life. It's Susa come to Runway Greenhouse that's an 800 degree centigrade surface because of rampant carbon dioxide. Well we know from Esther biology that we can really now predict what's gonna happen to our particular planet we are right now in the beautiful Oreo of existence of a loose life on planet Earth following the first horrible microbial age and the kind of explosion like immersion of the swaps complexity of the arrows and from what we can tell we're halfway through. We have as much time for animals to exist on this planet as they have been here now till we get the second microbial age and that will happen pair of