 Americans, Bartolaska in the 1850s, called Sewer's Folly. We valued it as the number of seal pelt we could kill. And then we discovered these things, gold and oil and fishing in timber, and it became a trillion dollar economy. And now we take our honeymoon there. The same thing will happen in space. We are on the verge of the greatest exploration that human race has ever known. We explore for three reasons. The weakest of which is curiosity. It's funded NASA's budget up until now. Some images from Mars in 1997. In fact, I think in the next decade without any question, we will discover life on Mars and find that it is literally ubiquitous under the soils in different parts of that planet. The stronger motorway, the much stronger motorway is fear. It drove us to the moon. We literally in fear with a Soviet Union race to the moon. And we have these huge rocks, you know, killer size rocks in the hundreds of thousands or millions out there. And while the probability is very small, the impact is figured out literally of one of these hitting the earth is so huge that to spend a small fraction looking, searching, preparing to defend is not unreasonable. And of course, the third motivator, one near and dear to my heart is nonchipnour, is wealth. In fact, greatest wealth. And think about these other asteroids. There's a class of the nickel iron, which in platinum metal markets alone are worth something like 20 trillion dollars being gotten grabbed one of these rocks. My plan is actually by puts in the precious metal market and then actually claim I'm going to go out and get one. That will fund the actual mission to go and get one. But fear, curiosity, and greed have driven us. And for me, this is on the short-key on the right. This was my motivation was actually during Apollo. And Apollo was one of the greatest motivators ever. If you think about what happened at the turn of early 1960s in my 25th JFK said we're going to go to the moon and people left their jobs and they went to obscure locations to go and be part of this amazing mission. And we knew nothing about going to space. We went from having literally put Alan Shepard in the sub-lovel of the flight to go into the moon in eight years. And the average age of the people like God is there was 26 years old. They didn't know what couldn't be done. They had to make up everything. And that my friend is amazing motivation. This is Gene Surn and a good friend of mine saying if I can go to the moon, this is the last human on the moon so far, nothing, nothing is impossible. But of course, we've thought about the government always as the person taking us there. But I put forward here, the government is not going to get us there. The government is unable to take the risks required to open up this precious frontier. The shuttles costing a billion dollars a launch. That's a pathetic number. It's unreasonable. We shouldn't be happy and standing for that. One of the things that we did with the AnsariX prize was take the challenge on that risk is