 two weeks. So for the last 20 years since my dental experience, I have been traveling world and coming back the stories about some of these people. And what that what I'd like to do right now is share some of those stories with you. This is Tamden. She's a 69-year-old nun. She was thrown in prison in Tibet for two years for putting up a little tiny placard protesting the occupation of her country. And when I met her she had just taken a walk over the Himalayas from Lassa, the capital of Tibet, into Nepal across to India 30 days to meet her leader, the Dalai Lama. Dalai Lama lives in Darm, South India. So I took this picture three days after she arrived. And she had this beat up pair of tennis shoes on with a toes sticking out. And she crossed in March. And there's a lot of snow at 18,500 feet in March. This is Paul Dinn. Paul Dinn is a 62-year-old monk. And he spent 33 years in prison. And his whole monastery was thrown into prison. At the time of the uprising when the Dalai Lama had to leave Tibet. And he was beaten, starved, tortured, lost all his teeth while in prison. And when I met him it was kind, gentle old man. And it really impressed me. I met him two weeks after he got out of prison that he went through that experience and ended up with the demeanor that he had. So I was in Darm Salad meeting these people and I'd spent about five weeks there. And I was hearing these similar stories of these refugees that had poured out Tibet into Darm Salad. And it just so happened on the fifth week there was a public teaching by the Dalai Lama. And I was watching this crowd of monks and nuns, many of which I had just interviewed and heard their stories. And I watched their faces and they gave us a little lep-m radio and we could listen to the translation of his teachings. And what he said was treat your enemies as if they were precious jewels because it's your enemies that build your tolerance and patience on the road to your enlightenment. And I couldn't... That hit me so hard telling these people that had been through this experience. So two months later I went into Tibet and I started interviewing people there taking my photographs. That's what I do. I interview and do portraits. And this is a little girl I took.