 The general councils are becoming CEOs, it's a little bit like the invasion of the body snatchers, you need a lawyer to run the company because you're so much law. But it's not just business that's affected by this. It's actually pressed down into the daily activities of ordinary people. A couple of years ago, I was hiking your Cody, Wyoming, was in a really bare preserve, although no one told me that before we went. And our guide was a local science teacher. She was wholly unconcerned about the bears, but she was terrified of lawyers. The story started pouring out. She just been involved in an episode where a parent had threatened to sue the school because she lowered the grade of the student by 10% and turned the paper in late. The principal didn't want to stand up to the parent because he didn't want to get dragged into some legal proceeding. So she had to go to the meeting after meeting. Same argument was made over and over again. After 30 days or sleepless nights, she finally capitulated and raised the grade. She said life's too short. I just can't keep going with this. About the same time, she was going to take two students to a leadership conference in Laramie, where some couple of hours away. And she was going to drive them into the car. The school said, no, you can't drive them into the car for liability reasons. You have to go in a school bus. So they provided the bus that held 60 people and drove them, the tree of them back and forth, several hours to Laramie. Her husband is also a science teacher. And he takes a biology class on a hike in the nearby nation park. But he was told he couldn't go on the hike this year because one of the students in the class was disabled. So the other 25 students said, get to go on the hike either. At the end of this day, I could have filled a book just with stories about law from this one teacher. Now, we've been taught to believe that law is the foundation of freedom. But somehow or another in the last couple of decades, the land of the free is become a legal minefield. It's really changed our lives and ways that were sort of imperceptible. And yet we pull back, you see it all the time. It's changed the way we talk. I was talking to a pediatrician friend in North Carolina. He said, you know, I don't deal with patients in the same way anymore. You wouldn't want to say something off the cuff that might be used against you. This is a doctor whose life is caring for people. My own law firm has a list of questions that I'm not allowed to ask when interviewing candidates, such as the Senator question bulging with hidden motives in the window, where are you from? Now, for 20 years, Torah reformers had been sounding the alarm that lawsuits are out of control. And we read, you know, every once in a while, these crazy lawsuits like the guy in the district Columbia who was sued had right-winged for $54 million because they lost his pair of pants. Case went on for two years. I think he's still appealing the case.