 people like to think is fixed and impermeable. But then on the good side and the others on the bad side, I knew that line was movable and it was permeable. Good people could be seduced across that line and on some rare circumstances bad kids could recover with help with reform with rehabilitation. So I want to begin with this wonderful this wonderful illusion by Swiss artist MC Escher. If you look at it and focus on the white what you see is a world full of angels. But let's look more deeply. And as we do what appears is the demons, the devils in the world. And that tells us several things. One the world is was will always be filled with good and evil because good and evil is the in and yang of human condition. Tells me something else if you remember. God's favorite angel was Lucifer. Apparently Lucifer means the light and also means the morning star in some scripture. And apparently he disobeyed God and that's the ultimate disobedience to authority. And when he did, uh, uh, michael he archangel was sent to kick him out of heaven along with other foreign angels. And so Lucifer descends into hell, becomes Satan, becomes the devil, the force of evil in the universe begins. Paradoxically it was God who created hell as a place to store evil. He didn't do a good job at keeping it there though. So this arc of the cosmic transformation, God's favorite angel into the devil, for me sets the context for understanding human beings who are transformed from good ordinary people into perpetrators of evil. So the Lucifer effect, although it focuses on the negatives, the negatives that people can become, not the negatives that people are, uh, leads me to a psychological definition. Evil is the exercise of power. And that's the key. It's about power to intentionally harm people psychologically, to hurt people physically, to destroy people mortally or ideas, and to commit crimes against humanity. If you go to the evil, a word that should surely have ridden by now, you come up with 136 million hits in a third of a second. A few years ago, I'm sure all of you were shocked, as I was, with the revelation of American soldiers abusing prisoners in a strange place in the Congressal War, Abu Ghraib, and in Iraq. And these were men and women who were putting prisons through an unbelievable humiliation. I was shocked that I wasn't surprised because I had seen no same visual parallels when I was the prison superintendent of the Sanford prison study. Immediately Bush administration military said what? What all administrations say when there's a scandal? Don't blame us. It's not the system. It's the few bad apples, the few rogue soldiers. My hypothesis is American soldiers are good usually. Maybe it was the power that was bad. But how am I going to deal with that hypothesis? I became an expert witness from one of the guards, Sergeant Chipfederick. And in that position, I had access to the dozen investigative reports. I had access to him. I could study him.