 virtual world at all. And I think the answer to that is always going to be at least driven to a certain extent by the people initially crazy enough to start the project. So I can give you a little bit of first background just on me and what moved me as a really going back as far as a teenager and then an adult to actually try and build this kind of thing. I was a very creative kid who read a lot and got into electronics first and then later programming computers when I was really young. I was just always trying to make things. I was just obsessed with taking things apart and building things and just anything I could do with my hands or with wood or electronics or metal or anything else. And so for example, this is a great second life thing. I had a bedroom, every kid, you know, as a teenager, he's got his bedroom he retreats to. But I wanted my door. I thought it'd be cool if my door went up rather than open on Star Trek. I thought it'd be neat to do that. So I got up in the ceiling and I cut through the ceiling joists to much of my parents the light and put the door, you know, being pulled up through the ceiling. I built a garage door opener up in the attic that would pull this door up. You can imagine the amount of time that it took me to do this to the house and this pleasure in my parents. The thing that was always striking to me was that we as people could have so many really amazing ideas about things we'd like to do but are so often unable in the real world to actually do those things to actually cobble together the materials and go through the actual execution phase of building something that you imagine from a design perspective. And so for me, I know that when the internet came around and I was doing computer programming and just, you know, just generally trying to run my own little company and figure out what to do with the internet and with computers, I was just immediately struck by how the ultimate thing that you would really want to do with the internet and with computers would be to use the internet and connect it computers to simulate a world to sort of recreate the laws of physics and the rules of how things went together, sort of the idea of atoms and how to make things and do that inside a computer so that we could all get in there and make stuff. And so for me, that was the thing that was so enticing. I just wanted this place where you could build things. And so I think you see that in the genesis of what has happened with Second Life and I think it's important. I also think that more generally, the use of the internet and technology as a kind of a space between