 natural world through sets of chemical reactions called metabolism. And this is the conversion of one group of substances into another either through the production or the absorption of energy. And this is the way in which living materials make the most of their local resources in a stent sustainable way. So I'm interested in the use of metabolic materials for the practice of architecture. But they don't exist. So I'm having to make them. I'm working with architect Neil Spirter at the Bartlett School of Architecture and we're collaborating with international scientists in order to generate these new materials from a bottom-up approach. That means we're generating the scratch. One of our collaborators is Kermis Martin-Hanzuk and he's really interested in the transition from inert to living matter. Now that's exactly the kind of process that I'm interested in when we're thinking about sustainable materials. So Martin, he works with a system called the protocell. Now all this is, it's magic, it's a little fatty bag and it's got a chemical battery in it and it has no DNA. This little bag is able to conduct itself in a way that can only be described as living. It is able to move around its environment. It can follow chemical gradients and it can undergo complex reactions, some of which are happily architectural. So here we are. These are protocells patterning their environment. We don't know how they do that yet. Here, this is a protocell and it's vigorously shedding this skin. Now this looks like a chemical kind of birth. This is a violent process. Here we've got a protocell to extract carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and turn it into carbonate and that's the show around that globular fat. They're quite brittle so you've only got a part on them. So what we're trying to do is we're trying to push these technologies towards creating bottom-up construction approaches for architecture, which contrasts the current Victorian top-down methods which impose structure upon matter that can't be energetically sensible. So bottom-up materials actually exist today. They've been in use in architecture since ancient times. If you walk around the city of Oxford where we are today and have a look at the brick work which I've enjoyed doing the last couple of days, you'll actually see that a lot of it's made of limestone. And if you look even closer, you'll see in that limestone there are little shelves and little skeletons that are piled upon each other and then they're fossilized on millions of years. Now a block of limestone in itself isn't particularly that interesting. It looks wonderful. But imagine what the properties of this limestone block might be if the surfaces were actually in conversation with the atmosphere, maybe they could extract carbon dioxide. Would it give this block of limestone new properties