 I'm really bad at sports. I don't have the fanciest gadgets at home. I'm not on top of the chas. So for me, Cartooning gave me a sense of identity. I got popular, but I was scared I'd get caught again. So what I did was I quickly put together a large of all the teachers I'd drawn, glorified my school principal, put him right on top and gifted it to him. He had a good laugh at the other teachers and put it up on the notice board. This is a part of that. And I became a school hero. All my seniors knew me. I felt really special. I have to tell you a little bit about my family. That's my mother. I love her to bits. She's the one who taught me how to draw and more importantly how to laugh. She's a bit of a hippie. She said, don't say that, but I'm saying it anyway. The rest of my family are boring academics, busy collecting Ivy League decals for our classic ambassador part. My father's a little different. My father believed in a holistic approach to living. And you know, every time he taught us, he'd say, I hate these books because these books are hijacked by industrial revolution. But he still held that worldview. I was 16. I got the best lawyer in town, my older brother, Karthik. And I sat him down and I said, Pa, from today on where they've decided, I'm going to be disciplined. I'm going to be curious. I'm going to learn something new every day. I'm going to be very hardworking and I'm not going to depend on you emotionally or financially. He was very impressed. He was all tearing up. Ready to hug me. And I said, hold that I said, can I quit school then? But the cut-along story short, I quit school to pursue a career as a cartoonist. I must have done about 30,000 caricatures. I would do birthday parties, weddings, divorces, anything. Anyone who wanted to use my services. But most importantly, while I was traveling, I taught children cartooning. And in exchange, I learned how to be spontaneous and mad and crazy. You're fun. When I started teaching them, I said, let me start doing this professionally. When I was 18, I started my own school. However, an 18-year-old trying to start school is not easy unless you have a big patron or a big supporter. So I was flipping through the pages of the Times of India. When I saw the prime minister of India was visiting my hometown Bangalore. And you know, just like how every cartoonist knows Bush here. And if you had to meet Bush, it would be the funnest thing because his face was a cartoonist delight. I had to meet my prime minister. I went to the place where his helicopter was about a land. I saw layers of security. I caricatured my way through three layers by just impressing the guards. But I got stuck. I got stuck in the third. And what happened was to my luck. I saw nuclear scientists that whose party had done cartoons. Ran up to them and said, hello sir, how do you do? He said,