 gas tankers to decentralized resources that are environmentally more friendly and a lot more efficient, incapable and safe from disruption. Pano spoke very eloquently that we have the tools for the first time to address age-old problems of disease and poverty. Most regions of the world are moving in that direction. In 1990, in East Asian and Pacific region, there were 500 million people living in poverty. That number now is under 200 million. The World Bank projects by 2011. It will be under 20 million, which is a reduction of 95%. I did enjoy Bano's comment linking hate ashberry to Silicon Valley, being from the Massachusetts, high tech community, myself. I'd point out that we were hippies also in the 1960s. We hung around Harvard Square. But we do have the potential to overcome disease and poverty, and I'm going to talk about those issues. If we have the will, Kevin Kelly talked about the acceleration of technology. That's been a strong interest of mine and the theme that I've developed for some 30 years. I realized that my technologies have to make sense when I finished the project, then very early the world was a different place when I would introduce the technology. I noticed that most inventions fail. Not because the R&D department can't get into work. If you look at most business plans, they will actually succeed if given the opportunity to build what they say they're going to build. 90% of those projects of more will fail because the timing is wrong. Not all the enabling factors will be in place when they're needed. I began to be a hard-to-student of technology trends and track where technology would be at different points in time. I began to build build the mathematical models of that. It's kind of taken out of life of its own. I've got a group of 10 people that work with me to gather data on key measures of technology in many different areas and we build models. You'll hear people say, well, we can't predict the future. If you ask me, will the price of Google be higher or lower than it is today? Three years from now. That's very hard to say. Will Ymax, CDMAG3 be the wireless standard three years from now? That's hard to say. But if you ask me, what will the cost for one MIPS of computing in 2010 or the cost of sequence of ASP or DNA in 2012 or the cost of sending a megabyte of data wirelessly in 2014 turns out that those are very predictable. There are markedly smooth exponential curves that govern price performance capacity bandwidth. Let me show you a small sample of this. But this really a theoretical reason why technology develops in an exponential fashion. A lot of people, when they think about the future, think about it linearly. They think they're going to continue to develop a problem or address a problem using today's tools and today's pace of progress. In fairness,