 a whole building. The computer in your cell phone today is a million times cheaper, a million times smaller, a thousand times more powerful. That's a billion-fold increase in capability per dollar that we've actually experienced since I was a student. And we're going to do it again in the next 25 years. Information technology progresses through a series of S curves where each one is a different paradigm. So people say, well, what's going to happen when Moore's Law comes to an end, which will happen around 2020? We'll then go to the next paradigm. And Moore's Law was not the first paradigm to bring exponential growth to computing. The exponential growth to computing started decades before Gordon Moore was even born. And it doesn't just apply to computation. It's really any technology where we can measure the underlying information properties. Here we have 49 famous computers. They put on a logarithmic graph. The logarithmic scale hides the scale of the increase because this represents a trillion's-fold increase since the 1890 census. In the 1950s, there were shrinking vacuum tubes making it smaller and smaller. That finally hit a wall. They couldn't shrink the vacuum tube anymore and keep the vacuum. And that was again up the shrinking vacuum tubes. But it was not the end of the exponential growth computing. We went through the fourth paradigm, transistors, and finally integrated circuits. When that comes to an end, we'll go to the six paradigm, three-dimensional self-organizing molecular circuits. But what's even more amazing really than this fantastic scale of progress is if you look at how predictable this is. I'm just went through thick and thin, through worn piece, through boom times, and recessions. The great depression made not a dent in this exponential progression. We'll see the same thing in the economic recession we're having now. At least the exponential growth of information technology capability will continue on a baited. And I just updated these graphs because I had them through 2002 in my book, Singularity's Near. And so we updated them second-present here to 2007. And I was asked, well, aren't you nervous? I mean, maybe you kind of didn't stay on this exponential progression. And I was a little nervous because maybe the data wouldn't be right. But I've done this now for 30 years and it's had stayed on this exponential progression. Look at this graph here. This is, you can buy one transistor for $1.96.8. You can buy half a billion today. And they're actually better because they're faster. But look at how predictable this is. And I say this now, I just over fitting the past data and making these forward looking predictions for about 30 years. And the cost of a transistor cycle, which is a measure of the price performance of electronics, comes down about every year. That's a 50% deflation rate. And it's also true of other examples like DNA data or brain data. But we more than make up for that. We actually ship more than twice as much of every form of information technology. We've had 18% growth in constant dollars in every form of information technology for the last half century, despite the fact you get twice as much of it each year. Okay, this is a completely different example. This is not more as long.