 like Philip Roth, who said, and yet what are we to do about this terribly significant business of other people? So ill equipped are we all to envision one another's interior workings and invisible aims. So as a teacher and as a spouse, this is of course a problem I confront every day, but as a scientist I'm interested in the different problem of other minds, and that's the one I'm gonna introduce to you today, and that problem is how is it so easy to know other minds? So to start with an illustration, you need almost no information, one snapshot of a stranger to guess what this woman is thinking or what this man is, and put another way, the crux of the problem is the machine that we use for thinking about other minds, our brain, is made up of pieces, brain cells, that we share with all other animals, with monkeys and mice, and even sea slugs. And yet you put them together in a particular network, and what you get is the capacity to write Romeo and Juliet, or to say as Alan Greenspended, I know you think you understand what you saw, I said, but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant. So the job of my field of cognitive neuroscience is to stand with these ideas one in each hand, and to try to understand how you can put together simple units, simple messages of a space and time in a network, and get this amazing human capacity to think about minds. So I'm going to tell you three things about this today. Obviously the whole project here is huge, and I'm going to tell you just our first few steps about the discovery of a special brain region for thinking about other people's thoughts, some observations on the slow development of the system as we learn how to do this difficult job, and then finally to show that some of the differences between people in how we judge others can be explained by differences in the brain system. So first, the first thing I want to tell you is that there's a brain region in the human brain in your brains whose job it is to think about other people's thoughts. This is a picture of it. It's called the right temperamental junction, it's above and behind your right ear, and this is a brain region you used when you saw the pictures I showed you or when you read Romeo and Juliet, or when you tried to understand Alan Greenspam, and you don't use it for solving any other kinds of logical problems. So this brain region's called the right TPJ, and this picture shows the average activation in a group of what we call typical human adults, their MIT undergraduates. The second thing I want to say about this brain system is that although we human adults are really good at understanding other minds, we weren't always that way. It takes children a long time to break into the system, and I'm going to show you a little bit of that long extended process. The first thing I'm going to show you is a change between age three and five, as kids learned to understand that somebody else can have beliefs that are different from their own. So I'm going to show you a five-year-old who's getting a standard kind of puzzle.