 idea of where the oil is. This is about a hundred trillion gallons of crude oil still to be developed and produced in the world today. Now that's just one story about oil and we could end it there and say well oil's gonna last forever because well there's just a lot of it. But there's actually more to the story than that. Oh by the way if you think you're very far from some of this oil a thousand meters below where you're all sitting is one of the largest producing oil fields in the world come talk to me about it I'll fill in some of the details if you want. So that's one of the stories oil there's just a lot of but what about oil where is it in the energy system? Here's a little snapshot of 150 years of oil and it's been a dominant part of our energy system for most of those 150 years. Now here's another little secret I'm gonna tell you about. For the last 25 years oil has been playing less and less of a role in global energy system. There was one kind of peak oil in 1985 when oil represented 50 percent of global energy supply that's about 35 percent has been declining and I believe it will continue to decline. Gas link consumption in the US probably peaked in 2007 and is declining. So oil is playing a less significant role every year and so 25 years ago there was a peak oil just like in the 1920s there was a peak coal and a hundred years before that there was a peak wood. This is a very important picture of the evolution of energy system and what's been taking up the slack in the last few decades well a lot of natural gas and a little bit of nuclear for starters and what goes on in the future well I think out ahead of us a few decades is peak gas and beyond that peak renewables. Now I'll tell you another little very important story about this picture. Now I'm not pretending that energy use in total isn't increasing it is. That's another part of the story come talk to me about it we'll fill in some of the details but there's a very important message here this is 200 years of history and for 200 years we've been systematically decarbonizing our energy system energy system of the world becoming progressively year on year decade on decades century on century becoming less carbon intense and that continues into the future with the renewables that we're developing today reaching maybe 30% of primary energy by mid century. Now that might be the end of the story okay we just replace it all with conventional renewables but I think actually there's more to the story than that and tell the next part of the story this is looking out say 2100 and beyond what is the future of truly sustainable carbon free energy while we have to take a little excursion and we'll start in central Texas here's a piece of limestone picked it up outside of marble falls Texas it's about 400 million years old and it's just limestone nothing really special about it. Now here's a piece of