 that quantum theory needs to make in order to deliver those predictions are so mysterious that even Feynman himself was moved to remark if you think you understand quantum theory you don't understand quantum theory. It's so queer that physicists resort to one or another paradoxical interpretation on it. David Deutsch, who's talking here in the fabric of reality, embraces the many worlds of quantum interpretation of quantum theory because the worst that you can say about it is that it's preposterously wasteful. It postulates a vast and rapidly growing number of universes, existing in parallel, mutually undetectable except through the narrow porthole of quantum mechanical experiments. And that's for written Feynman. The biologist Louis Walpert believes that the queerness of modern physics is just an extreme example. Science as opposed to technology does violence to common sense. The retime you drink at glass of water he points out, the odds are that you will imbibe at least one molecule that pass through the bladder of Oliver Cromwell. It's just elementary probability theory. The number of molecules per glass fall is hugely greater than the number of glass falls or bladder falls in the world. And of course there's nothing special about Cromwell or bladder. You have just breathed in a nitrogen atom that passed through the right lung of the third iguana dawn to the left of the tall cycaptree. Quirror than we can suppose. What is it that makes us capable of supposing anything? And does this tell us anything about what we can suppose? Are there things about the universe that will be forever beyond our grasp, but not beyond the grasp of some superior intelligence? Are there things about the universe that are in principle ungraspable by any mind, however superior? The history of science has been one long series of violent brainstorms. Our successive generations have come to terms with increasing levels of queerness in the universe. We're now so used to the idea that the Earth spins rather than the sun moves across the sky, it's hard for us to realise what a shattering, mental revolution that must be. After all it seems obvious that the Earth is large and motionless, the sun small and mobile, but it's worth recalling bitkins times remarkable subject. For me he asked a friend, why do people always say it was natural for man to assume that the sun went brown the Earth rather than that the Earth was rotating? His friend replied, well obviously because it just looks at the sun.