 But it's believed that the oldest living redwoods are perhaps 2,500 years old, roughly the age of the Parthenon. Although it's also suspected that there may be individual trees that are older than that. You can see the range of the coast redwoods, it's here in red. The largest individuals in the species, the dreadnoughts of their kind, live just on the north coast of California, where the rain is really intense. In recent historic times, about 96% of the coast redwood forest was cut down, especially in a series of burst of intense liquidation logging, clear cutting that took place in the 1970s through the early 1990s. Even so, about 4% of the primeval redwood rainforest remains intact wild and now protected, entirely protected in the chain of small parks strung out like pearls along the north coast of California, including Redwood National Park. But curiously, Redwood rainforests, the fragments that we have left to this day remain under explored. Redwood rainforests is incredibly difficult to move through. And even today, individual trees are being discovered that it had never been seen before, including in the summer of 2006, Hyperion, the world's tallest tree. I'm going to do a little good dog and experiment. I'm going to ask you to imagine what a redwood really is as a living organism. And Chris, if I could have you up here, I have a tape measure. It's a kind loner from Ted. And Chris, if you could take the end of that tape measure, we're going to show you what the diameter at breast height of a big redwood is. Unfortunately, this tape isn't long enough. It's only a 25-foot tape. Chris, could you extend your arm out that way? There we go. Okay. And maybe about here, about 30 feet is the diameter of a big redwood. Now, let your imagination go upward into space. Think about this tree rising upward into redwood space, 325 feet, 32 stories, an individual living organism articulating its forms upward into space over long periods of time. The redwood species seems to exist in another kind of time, not human time, but what we might call redwood time. Redwood time moves at a more stately pace than human time. To us, when we look at a redwood tree, it seems to be motionless and still. And yet, redwoods are constantly in motion.