 your companies here. You started one or two in your time. So, you know, Vagia Atlantic, Vagia Records, I just started with a magazine called Student and then yes, all these other ones as well. I mean, how do you do this? I read all these sort of TED instructions. You must not talk about your own business and you ask me, sir, but I suppose you're not going to be able to keep your statements. You ask, sir. I don't think there can be what the audience is. No, I mean, I think I learned early on that if you can run one company, you can really run any companies. Companies are about finding the right people and inspiring those people, you know, drawing out the best in people. And I just love learning and I'm incredibly inquisitive and I love taking on the the status quo and trying to turn it upside down. So, I've seen life as one long, one long learning process and if I see, you know, if I, you know, if I fly on somebody else's airline and find the experience is not a pleasant one, which it wasn't 21 years ago, then I think, well, you know, maybe I can create a kind of airline that I'd like to fly on. So, you know, so I got one for the second hand, seven or seven from Boeing and gave it a go. Well, that was a bizarre thing because you, you know, you made this move that a lot of people advised you was crazy. And in fact, in a way, it almost took down your empire at one point. I had a conversation with one of the investment bankers who at the time when you basically sold your Virgin records and invested heavily in the Virgin Antique and his view was that you were you were trading, you know, the world's port biggest record company for the 25 figures airline and that you were out of your mind. Why do you do that? Well, I think that, you know, there's a very thin dividing line between success and pay, you know, if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to be, you're likely to get along the side of that widen lines. And we had, we were doing attack by British Airways, they were trying to put our airline up business and they launched what's become known as the Delta Tricks campaign. And I realized that, you know, the whole empire was like to come crashing down, unless I shipped in a chip. And in order to protect the jobs that the people who work with the airline, check the jobs that people work for the record company, I had to sell these, you know, the family jewellery to protect the airline. And I was posting up, you're looking like a bit of a genius actually. Yeah, as it turns out, it turned out to be the right move, but it was, yeah, it was sad at the time. And, but you know, moving, moving on. Now, you know,