 on weekends. Love people say I'm living. No, you're not living. That's just existing. Just existing. I really think that there's in this inner desire. I do believe what Chris said. I believe that you're not an accident. Your parents may not have planned you, but I believe that I did. I think there are accidental parents. There's no doubt about that. I don't think there are accidental kids. And I think you matter. I think you matter to God. I think you matter to history. I think you matter to this universe. And I think that the difference between what I call the survival level of living, success level living, the significance level living is do you figure out what honor it's in my here for? I need a lot of people who are very smart, say, but why can't I figure out my problems? And I meet a lot of people who are very successful who say, why don't I feel more fulfilled? Why do I feel like a fake? Why do I see you like? I've got to pretend that I'm more than I really am. I think that comes down to this issue of meaning, the significance of purpose. I think it comes down to this issue of why am I here? What am I here for? Where am I going? These are not religious issues. They're human issues. I wanted to tell Michael before he spoke that I really appreciate what he does because it makes my life work a whole lot easier. As a pastor, I do see a lot of poops. And I have learned that there are poops in every area of life. Religion doesn't have a monopoly on that, but there are plenty of religious poops. There are secular poops. There are smart poops, dumb poops. There are people waiting to meet the other day and she had a white piece of paper, Michael, go like this one. And she said, what are you seeing it? And I looked in and I said, well, I don't see anything. She goes, well, I see Jesus and start crying and left. I'm going, okay. You know, fine. Good for you. When the book became the best-selling book in the world for the last three years, I kind of had my little Christs. And that was what is the purpose of this? Because it brought in enormous amounts of money. And you write the best-selling book in the world, it's tons and tons of money. And it brought in a lot of attention, neither of which I wanted. When I started Saddleback Church, I was 25 years old. It started with one other family. And in 1980, and I decided that I was never going to go on TV because I didn't want to be a celebrity. I didn't want to be a quote evangelist. Televangelist. That's not my thing. And