 of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its fusion. This inside of Einstein's is uncannily close to that of Buddhist psychology wherein compassion Karuna, it is called, is defined as the sensitivity to another's suffering and the corresponding will to free the other from that suffering. It pairs closely with love, which is the will for the other to be happy, which requires of course that one feels some happiness oneself and wishes to share. This is perfect in that it clearly opposes self-centeredness and selfishness to compassion, the concern for others, and further it indicates that those caught in the cycle of self-concerned suffer helplessly, for the compassionate are more free and implicitly more happy. The Dalai Lama often states that compassion is his best friend. It helps him when he is overwhelmed with grief and despair. Compassion helps him turn away from the feeling of his suffering as the most absolute, most terrible suffering anyone has ever had and broadens his awareness of the sufferings of others, even of the perpetrators of his misery and the whole mass of being. In fact, suffering is so huge and enormous, his own becomes less and less monumental and he begins to move beyond his self-concern into the broader concern for others and this immediately cheers him up as his courage is stimulated to rise to the occasion. Thus, he uses his own suffer as a doorway to widening his circle of compassion. He is a very good calling of Einstein's, we must say. Now I want to tell a story which is a very famous story in the Indian and Buddhist tradition of the great saint Asanga who lived contemporary of Augusta in the West and was sort of like the Buddhist Augusta. Asanga lived 800 years after the Buddha's time and he was discontented with the state of people's practice of the Buddhist religion in India at that time. So he said, I'm sick of all this, nobody's really living the doctrine, they are talking about love and compassion and wisdom and enlightenment but they are acting selfish and pathetic. So Buddha's teaching has lost its momentum. I know that next Buddha will come a few thousand years from now but exists currently in a certain heaven, that's my trea. So I'm going to go on a retreat and I'm going to meditate and pray until the Buddha my trea reveals himself to me and gives me a teaching or something to revive the practice of compassion in the world today. So he went on this retreat and he meditated for three years and he did not see the future Buddha my trea and he left in disgust and as he was leaving he saw a man sitting funny little man sitting sort of part way down the mountain and he was had a lump of iron and he was rubbing it with a sauce and he became interested in that