 and analogies when they're advantageous, but then integrating that with the best human engineering ultimately to make something actually better than nature. Now being a biologist, I was very curious about this. These are gecko toes and we wondered how they use these bizarre toes to climb up a wall so quickly. We discovered it and what we found was that they have leaf-like structures on their toes with millions of tiny hairs that look like a rug and each of those hairs is the worst case of split ends possible, about 100 to 1000 split ends that are nano-sized and individual has 2 billion of these nano-sized split ends. They don't stick by Velcro or suction or glue, they actually stick by intermolecular forces alone, Vander-Volz forces. And I'm really pleased to report to you today that the first synthetic self-cleaning dried hesip has been made. From the simplest version in nature, one branch, like engineering collaborator Ron Fearing at Berkeley, has made the first synthetic version. And so has my other incredible collaborator Mark Kowski at Stanford. He made much larger hairs in the gecko, but used the same general principles. And here's its first test. That's color-awd of my former PhD student professor in Outluos and Clark, literally giving his first born child up for this test. More recently this happened. This is the first time someone's actually climbed to that. Lynn Berens, a professional climber, who appeared to be rimming with confidence. Honestly it's going perfectly safe. It'll be perfectly safe. How do you know? Because liability insurance. With a mattress below and a tax to a safety row, Lynn began her 60 foot ascent. Lynn made it to the top in a perfect pairing of Hollywood and science. So you're the first human being to officially emulate a gecko? Wow. And what a privilege that has been. That's what she did on rough surfaces, but she actually used these on smooth surfaces. Two of them to climb up and pull herself up. And you can try this in the lobby and look at the gecko-inspired material. Now, the problem with the robots doing this is that they can't get unstuck with the material. This is the gecko solution. They actually peel their toes away from the surface at high rates as they run up the wall. Well, I'm really excited today to show you the newest version of a robot sticky-bott using a new pieicule. Try adhesive. Here's the actual robot. And here's what it does. If you look, you can see that it uses the toe peeling just like the gecko does. You can show some of the video. You can see it climbing up the wall.