 principles that are integral to their faiths. At the same time, I think religions don't deserve all the credit. I think nature kind of gave them a helping hand here. I'm going to argue tonight that compassion in the golden rule are in a certain sense built into human nature. OK. But I'm also going to argue that once you understand the sense in which they are built into human nature, then you realize that just affirming compassion and affirming the golden rule is really not enough. There's a lot of work done here. OK. OK. So quick, natural history of first compassion. In the beginning, there was compassion. And I mean, not just when human beings first showed up, but actually even before that. I think it's probably the case that in the human evolutionary lineage, even before there were homo sapiens, feelings like compassion and love and sympathy had earned their way into the gene. And biologists have a pretty clear idea of how this first happened. It happened through a principal known as kin selection. And the basic idea of kin selection is that if an animal feels compassion for a close relative, and this compassion leads the animal to help the relative, then in the end, the compassion actually winds up helping the genes underlying the compassion itself. So from a biologist point of view, compassion is actually a genes way of helping itself. OK. I warned you this was not going to be very warning, trust me. OK. I'll get there. I hope you get a little closer. To me, this doesn't bother me so much. That the underlying Darwinian rationala compassion is kind of self-serving at the genetic level. Actually, I think what the bad news is about kin selection is just that it means that this kind of compassion is naturally deployed only within the family. That's the bad news. The good news is compassion is natural. The bad news is that this kin selected compassion is naturally confined to the family. Now, there's more good news that came along later in evolution. The second kind of evolutionary logic, biologists call that reciprocal altruism. OK. And there, the basic idea is that compassion leads you to do good things for people who then will return the faith. Again, I know this is not as inspiring a notion of compassion as you may have heard in the past. But from a biologist pointing you, this reciprocal altruism kind of compassion, it is ultimately self-serving, too. It's not that people think that when they feel the compassion, it's not consciously self-serving. But to a biologist, that's the logic. And so you wind up most easily extending compassion to friends and out. I'm sure a lot of you.