 that's been around that long, so restrictive, holding only, everything that could be done has been done a long time ago. And that might have been the case, but in the 20th century, a Japanese folder named Yoshizawa came along, and he created tens of thousands of new designs, but even more importantly, he created a language, a way we could communicate, a code of dot stashes and arrows, harkening back to Susan Blackmore's talk, we now have a means of transmitting information with paredity and selection, and we know where that leads. And where it has led in origami, is to things like this. This is an origami figure, one sheet, no cuts, folding only, hundreds of folds. This too is origami, and this shows where we've gone in the modern world. Naturalism, detail you can get, horns antlers, even if you look close, clove and hooves. And it raises the question, what changed? And what changed is something you might not have expected in an art, which is mass. That is, people applied mathematical principles to the art to discover the underlying laws. And that leads to a very powerful tool. The secret to productivity in so many fields and in origami is letting dead people do your work for you. Because what you can do is take your problem and turn it into a problem that someone else has solved and use their solutions. And I want to tell you how we did that in origami. Origami revolves around crease patterns. A crease pattern shown here is the underlying blueprint for an origami figure. And you can't just draw them arbitrarily, they have to obey for simple laws. And the very simple, easy to understand. The first law is to colorability. You can color any crease pattern with just two colors without ever having the same color meeting. The directions of the folds at any vertex, the number of mountain folds, the number of valley folds, always differs by two, two more or two less, nothing else. If you look at the angles around the fold, you find that if you number the angles in the circle, all the even numbered angles add up to a straight line, all the odd numbered angles add up to a straight line. And if you look at how the layers stack, you'll find that no matter how you stack folds and sheets, a sheet can never penetrate a fold. So that's four simple laws. That's all you need in origami. All of origami comes from that. You'd think, can four simple laws give rise to that kind of complexity? But indeed, the laws of quantum mechanics can be written down on an napkin and yet they govern all of chemistry, all of life, all of history. If we obey these laws, we can do amazing things. So in origami, to obey these laws, we can take simple patterns like this repeating pattern of folds called textures. And by itself, it's nothing. But if we follow the laws of origami, we can put these patterns in the form of a fold.