 Do what I can, do what I can. I gotta warn you, the sense in which my worldview is, because always been kind of subtle, sometimes even elusive, since in which I can be uplifting and inspiring, I mean, there's always been a kind of a certain grim dimension to the way I try to uplift. So if grim inspiration, if grim inspiration is not a contradiction in terms, that is unafraid, the most you can hope for. Okay, today, that's if I succeed. I'll see what I can do, okay? Now, in one sense, the claim that history has a direction is not that controversial. If you're just talking about social structure, okay? Clearly that's gotten more complex for the over the last 10,000 years, it's reached higher and higher levels. And in fact, that's actually sustaining a long standing trend that predates human beings, okay? That biological evolution was doing for us, because what happened in the beginning, this stuff encases itself in a cell, then cells start hanging out together in societies. Eventually they get so close, they form multicellular organisms, then you get complex multicellular organisms, they form societies. But then at some point, one of these multicellular organisms does something completely amazing with this stuff, which is it launches a whole second kind of evolution, cultural evolution. And amazingly, that evolution sustains the trajectory that biological evolution had established toward greater complexity, okay? By cultural evolution, we mean the evolution of ideas. A lot of you have heard the term means. The evolution of technologies, I pay a lot of attention to. So, you know, one of the first things you got was little hand acts, generations go by, somebody says, hey, why don't we put it on a stick? Just absolutely delights the little ones. Next best thing to a video game, this man seems to impress the technological evolution is progressive. So another 10, 20,000 years in the anonymous technology takes you here, impressive. And the rate of the technological evolution speeds up. So a mere quarter of a century after this, you get this. Okay. In this. I'm sorry, that was a cheap laugh. But I wanted to find a way to transition back to this idea of the unfolding apocalypse. And I thought that might do it. Okay. So, what threatens to happen with this unfolding apocalypse is the collapse of global social organization. Now, first of all, let me remind you how much work it took to get us where we are be on the brink of true global social organization. Originally, you had the most complex societies kind of gathered a village. That's Stonehenge is the remnant of a chiefdom, which is what you're doing.