 to be credible. I want to try to share just a little bit of that with you in this presentation. The challenge of looking at nature's designs, and I'll tell you the way that we perceive it and the way we've used it. The challenge, of course, is to answer this question. What permits this extraordinary performance of animals that allow them basically to go anywhere? And if we can figure that out, how can we implement those designs? Well, many biologists will tell engineers and others organisms have millions of years to get it right. They're spectacular. They can do everything wonderfully well. So the answer is bio mimicry. Just copy nature directly. We know from working on animals that the truth is that's exactly what you don't want to do. Because evolution works on the just good and up principle, not on a perfecting principle. And the constraints in building any organism when you look at it are really severe. Natural technologies have incredible constraints. Think about it. If you were an engineer, and I told you that you had to build an automobile, but it had to start off from you this big, it had to go to be full size and had to work every step along the way. Or think about the fact that if you build an automobile, I'll tell you that you also, inside it, have to put a factory that allows you to make another automobile. And you can absolutely never, absolutely never, because of history and the inherited plan, start with a clean slate. So organisms have this important history. Really, evolution works more like a tinkerer than an engineer. And this is really important when you begin to look at animals. Instead, we believe you need to be inspired by biology. You need to discover the general principles of nature and then use these analogies when they're advantageous. This is a real challenge to do this, because animals, when you start to really look inside them, how they work, appear hopelessly complex. There's no detailed history of their design plans. You can't go look it up anywhere. They have way too many emotions for their joints. Too many muscles, even the simplest animal we think of, was something like an insect. And they have more neurons and connections than you can imagine. How can you make sense of this? Well, we believed and we hypothesized that one way animals could work simply is if their control of their movements tended to be built into their bodies themselves. What we discovered was that two, four, six, and eight-legged animals all produced the same forces on the ground that they moved. They all work like this kangaroo, they bounce. And they can be modeled by a spring mass system, although we call this the spring mass system because they're not.