 It's not a movie. This is real life. And I'm really worried because when people talk about cars, which I know is something about, the press and politicians and people in this room are all thinking, let's use fuel efficient cars. If we started today, 10 years from now, at the end of this window, of opportunity, those fuel efficient cars will reduce our fossil fuel needs by 4%. That is not enough. But now I'll talk about some more pleasant things. Here are some ways that we can make some dramatic changes. So Zip Car is a company that I founded seven years ago. But it's an example of something called car sharing. What Zip Car does is we park cars throughout dense urban areas for members to reserve by the hour and by the day instead of using their own car. How does it feel to be a person using a Zip Car? It means that I paint only for what I need. All those hours were a car sitting idle. I'm not paying for it. It means that I can choose a car exactly for that particular trip. So here's a woman that reserved many Mia. She had her day. I can take a BMW. I'm seeing clients. I can drive my Toyota element. When I'm going to go on that circuit trip. And the other remarkable thing is I think the highest status of car ownership. Not only do I have a fleet of cars available to me in seven cities around the world that I can have at my back and call. But having for a bit I would ever maintain or deal with the repair or having anything to do with it. I, like the car you always wanted, that your mom said you couldn't have. I get up good stuff and none of the bad. So what is the social result of this? The social result is that today's car has 100,000 members driving 3,000 cars, parking 3,000 parking spaces. Instead of driving 12,000 miles a year, which is what the average city dollar does, they drive 500 miles a year. Are they happy? The company's been doubling in size ever since I founded it or greater. People adore the company. And it's better. You know, they like it. So how is it that people went from the 12,000 miles a year to 500 miles? It's because they said it's $8 to $10 an hour and $65 a day. If I'm going to go buy some ice cream, do I really want to spend $8 to go buy the ice cream or maybe I'll do without. Maybe I would buy the ice cream when I did some other errand. So people really respond very quickly to it, to prices. And the last point I want to make is zip car would never be possible without technology. It required that it was completely true. It takes 30 seconds to reserve a car, go get it, drive it. And for me as a service provider, I would never be able to provide you a car per hour if the transaction cost was anything. So without these wireless technologies, this is a