 computer years where the first few robots are starting to appear. Computers sort of came around through games and toys and you know the first computer most people had in the house made them a computer to play pong, a little microprocessor, embedded and then other games that came after that. And we started to see that same sort of thing with robots, Lego, Mindstorms, Ferbys, who here? They didn't want to hear how to Ferbys? Yeah there's 38 million of them sold worldwide. They were pretty common and they're a little tiny robot, a simple robot with some senses, it's a little bit of processing and actuation. On the right there's another robot dolly who got a couple of years ago. And just as in the early days when there was a lot of sort of amateur interaction over computers you can now get various hacking kits, powerful hack books. On the left there is a platform for evolution robotics where you put a PC on and you program this thing with a GUI to wander around your house and do various stuff. And then there's a higher price point sort of robot toys, the Sony iBo and on the right there is one of the NEC development paper road which I don't think they're going to release but nevertheless those sorts of things are out there. And we've seen on the last two or three years lawnmowering robots, Husqvana on the bottom, friendly robotics on top there, an Israeli company. And then in the last 12 months or so we've started to see a bunch of home cleaning robots appear. Top left one is a very nice home cleaning robot from a company called Dyson in the UK except it was so expensive, $3500. They didn't release it, but on the bottom left you see electrolytes which is on sale, another one from Tasha. The bottom right is one that I built in my lab about 10 years ago and we finally turned that into a product and let me just show you that. We're going to give this away I think Chris said after the talk. This is a robot you can go that by and it will clean up your floor. And it starts off sort of just going around in ever increasing circles. If it hits something you can see that. Now it's snowing wall following, it's falling around my feet to clean up around me. I see what's uh oh who stole my rice crisps please. They stole my rice crisps please. Don't worry, relax, relax. It's a robot, it's smart. See the three-year-old kids they don't worry about it. It's grown up so get really upset. We'll just put some crap here. Okay. I don't know if you say I put a bunch of rice crisps there. I put some pennies. This should