 Earth to found transphynite set theory because the largest set of infinity would be God himself. It was a very religious map. It's a mathematician on the mission. And other mathematicians did the same sort of thing. Swedish mathematician Wilkulk decided that instead of subtracting lines, he would add them. And so he came up with this beautiful curve. And there's no particular reason why we have to start with this C-shake. We can use any C-shake we like. And I'll rearrange this. And I'll stick this somewhere down there. OK. And now upon iteration, that C-shake sort of unfolds into a very different looking structure. So these all have the property of self-similarity. The part looks like the hole. It's the same pattern at many different scales. Now mathematicians thought this was very strange because as you shrink a ruler down, you measure a longer and longer length. And since they went through the iterations in infinite number of times, as the ruler shrinks down to infinity, the length goes to infinity. This may no sense at all. So they consigned these curves to the back of the math books. They said, these are pathological curves. And we don't have to discuss them. And that worked for 100 years. And then in 1977, Benoit Mandebrot, a French mathematician, realized that if you do computer graphics and use these shapes, you call fractals, you get the shapes of nature. You get the human lungs. You get a k-shat tree. You get ferns. You get these beautiful natural forms. If you take your thumb and your index finger and look right where they meet, go ahead and do that now. And relax your hand. You'll see a crinkle. And then a wrinkle within the crinkle and a crinkle within the wrinkle within, right? Your body is covered with fractals. The mathematicians were saying these are pathological, useless shapes. They were breathing those words with fractal lungs. It's very ironic. And I'll show you a little natural recursion here. Again, we just take these lines and we personally replace them with the whole shape. So here's the second and third, fourth, and so on. So nature has this self-similar structure. Nature uses self-organizing systems. Now, in the 1980s, I happened to notice that if you look at an aerial photograph of an African village, you see fractals. And I thought, this is fabulous. I wonder why? And of course, I had to go to Africa and ask folks why. So I got a full-white scholarship to just travel around Africa for your asking people why they were building fractals. Which is a great job if you can get it. And so I finally got to the city. And I had done a little fractal model for the city just to see how it would sort of unfold. But when I got there, I got to this palace of the chief. And my French is not very good. I said something like, I'm a mathematician and I would like to stand in your roof. But he was really cool about it. He took me up there and we talked about fractals. And he said, oh, yeah, yeah. We knew it was in a rectangle. We knew all about that. And it turns out the oil in Sydney has a rectangle with the rest of the body.