 minutes on that. Spectroscopy, that was another one. Parallel universe. So this morning I thought, oh well I'll just do a card trick. That one's gone as well. So in today's in manuals day, I think we've agreed that already, haven't we? Here the money, here the absolute year. I was planning on finishing on a dance. So that's going to look pretty shabby now. So what I thought I'd do is in honor of the manual is what I can do is to launch the first TED Global auction. If I could start, this is the Enigma decoding machine. Who'll start me with a thousand dollars? Anyone? Thank you. This is Bruno's face just there. He didn't know. Don't go through the list. Don't go through the list. Don't do it. I'm worried. When I first got the invitation, they said somewhere in the thing, they said 15 minutes to change the world. Your moment, I'll say 15 minutes to change the world. I don't know about you. It takes me 15 minutes to change the plug. So the idea of changing the world is really quite an extraordinary one. Although, of course, now we don't have to change the plug. Now we've seen that wonderful demonstration of the wireless electric. Fantastic. It inspires us. 300 years ago, he'd been burnt at stake for that. And now it's an idea. But it's great. It's fantastic. But you do meet some fantastic people. People who look at the world in a totally different way. Yesterday, David Deutsch, another one who covered most of what I was going to say. But when you think of the world in that way, it doesn't make going to Starbucks a whole new experience. Don't you think? I mean, he's walking and they will say, would you like a Machiato or a latte or a Maricano or a cappuccino? You'll say you're offering me things that are infinitely variable. How can your coffee be true? And they will say, would you mind if I say of the next customer? And Elaine Morgan yesterday, wasn't she wonderful? It's fantastic. Really good. Her talk about the aquatic ape and the link, of course, linked between Darwinism and the fact that we are all naked, I believe we're not supposed to be able to swim rather well. She said, you know, she's 90. She's running out of time. She said, and she's desperate to find more evidence for the link. And I think I'm sitting next to Lewis Q. This man has swam around the North Pole. What more evidence do you want? And there he is. That's how Ted brings these connections together. I wasn't here on Tuesday. I didn't actually see Gordon Brown's job application. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. No, no. Global problems require Scottish solutions. The problem I have is because Gordon Brown comes on stage and he's