 you can live in a world where actually intangible value constitutes a greater part of overall value. That actually intangible value in many ways is a very, very fine substitute for using up labor or limited resources in the creation of things. I have one example. This is a train which goes from London Paris. The question was given to a bunch of engineers about 15 years ago. How do we make the journey to Paris better? They came up with a very good engineering solution which was spent £6 billion building completely new tracks from London to the coast and knocking about 40 minutes off the three and a half hour journey time. Now, coming with Mr. Picki, I'm just a dad man, but his drive is a slightly unimaginative way of improving a train journey merely to make it shorter. Now what is the hedonic opportunity cost of spending £6 billion on a railway track? Here's my naive advertising man suggestion. What you should in fact do is employ all of the world's top male and female supermodels. Pay them to walk the length of the train, handing out free, shatter, for truce, for the entire duration of the journey. Now, you'll still have about £3 billion left in change and people will ask for the trains to be slowed down. Now, here's another naive advertising man's question again. This shows engineers, medical people, scientific people, have an obsession with solving the problems of reality. We're actually most problems, once you reach a basic level of wealth and study, most problems actually problems of perception. So, I'll see another question. What in Earth's wrong with placebo? They seem fantastic to me. They got very little developed. They work extraordinarily well. They have no side effects or if they do their imaginary, so you can safely ignore them. So, discussing this, and I actually went to the marginal revolution blog by Tyler Cowan, I don't know if anyone lives. Someone actually suggested you take this concept further, actually interviews placebo education. The point is that education doesn't actually work by teaching you things. It actually works by giving you the impression that you have a very good education, which gives you an insane sense of unwarranted self-confidence, which then makes you very, very successful in life. So, welcome to Oxford, ladies and gentlemen. Now, but actually the point, the point of placebo education is actually how many problems in life can be solved actually by tinkering with perception, rather than that tedious hardworking and messy business of actually trying to change reality. Great examples of history. I've heard this attributed to several other kings, but doing a bit of historical research. It seems to be Frederick and Great. Frederick and Great Prussia was very, very keen for the Germans to adopt the potato and to eat it. But as you realize, if you had two sources of carbohydrate, wheat and potatoes, you get less price volatility in bread, and you get a far lower risk of famine because you actually had two crops fall back on not one. The only problem is potato is if you think about it, look pretty disgusting. And also, 18th century Prussians ate very, very few vegetables, rather like contemporary Scottish people. And so, um, so actually, he