 cameras which come with the actual threat of real punishment. So there seems to be a strange disproportionality at work, I think, in many areas of human problem solving, particularly those which involve human psychology, which is the tendency of the organization or the institution is to apply as much force as possible, as much compulsion possibly. Actually, the tendency of the person is to be almost influenced in absolute reverse proportions they might have forced to be applied. So there seems to be a complete disconnect here. So what I'm asking for is the creation of a new job title, I'll come to this a little later, and perhaps the addition of a new word into the English language, because it does seem to me that large organizations, including governments, of course the largest organization of all, have actually become completely disconnected with what actually matters to people. Let me give you one example of this. You may remember this as the AOL time-warner merger, okay? Herald at the time is the larger single deal of all time. It may still be for a while now. Now all of you in this room in one form or other, are probably customers of one or both of those organizations of merge. Essentially, did anybody notice anything different as a result of this at all? So unless you happen to be a shareholder of one or the other organizations or one of the dealmakers or lawyers involved in the no-doubt and lucrative activity, you are actually engaging in a huge piece of activity that may absolutely bugger all to anybody, okay? By contrast, years of marketing have taught me that if you actually want people to remember you and to appreciate what you do, the most potent things are actually very, very small. Now this is from Virgin Atlantic Upper Class, it's the current salt and pepper set. Quite nice in itself, then it'll sort of aeroplane things. What's really, really sweet is every single person looking at these things has exactly the same mystery of the sport, which is our recommendation, high speed. However, you pick them up and underneath, actually engraved in the metal of the words stolen from Virgin Atlantic Airways Upper Class. Now, years after you remember the strategic question of whether you're flying in a 777 or an Airbus, you remember those words and that experience. Similarly, this is from a hotel in Stockholm, the Lidmar, have anybody stayed there? It's the lift, it's a series of buttons in the lift, nothing unusual about that at all. Except that these are actually not the buttons that take you to an individual floor. It starts with garage at the bottom, I suppose appropriately, but it doesn't go up to the garage, Grand Floor, Mezzanine, 1234. It actually says, garage, funk, rhythm and blues. You have a series of buttons, you actually choose your lift music. My guess is that the cost of installing this in the lift in the Lidmar hotel in Stockholm is probably 500 to 1,000 pounds max. It's frankly more memorable than all those millions of hotels we've all stayed at that tell you that your room has actually been recently read.