 a smart online magazine about sex and culture. That's one of dating sites, but you can understand that the jokes that we get, sex begets babies, we follow instructions on nerve, and you should end up on Babel, which we did. And we might launch a geriatric side as our third will see. But for us, the continuity between nerve and Babel was not just sort of the life stage thing, which is of course relevant, but it was really more about our desire to speak very honestly about subjects that people have difficulty speaking honestly about. It seems to us that when people start dissembling, people start lying about things, that's when it gets really interesting, that's the subject that we want to kind of dive into. And we've been surprised to find a young parents that they're almost more taboos around parenting than there are around sex. It's true, so like we said, the early years were really wonderful, but they were also really difficult. And we feel like some of that difficulty was because of this false advertisement around parenting. You look at, you know, we subscribe to a lot of magazines, did our homework, but really everywhere you look around, we were surrounded by images like this. And we kind of went into parenting, expecting our lives to look like this. The sun was always streaming in, our children would never be crying, I would always be perfectly quaked and well rested. And in fact, it was not like that at all. When we lowered the glossy parenting magazine, and we were looking at with these beautiful images, and looked at the scene in our actual living room, it looked a little bit more like this. These are our three sons, and of course, they're not always crying and screaming, but with three boys, there's a decent probability that at least one of them will not be composing himself exactly as he should. Yeah, so you can see where the disconnect was happening for us. We really felt like what we kind of went in expecting had nothing to do with what we were actually experiencing. And so we decided we really wanted to give it to parents straight. We really wanted to kind of let them understand what the realities of parenting were in an honest way. So today, what we would love to do is share with you four parenting taboos. And of course, there are many more than four things you can't say about parenting. But we would like to share with you today four that have, that are particularly relevant for us personally. So the first, taboo number one, you can't say you didn't fall in love with your baby in the very first minute. I remember vividly sitting there in the hospital, we were in the process of giving birth to our first child. I was, sorry, I mean, this youth of the pronoun, at least I was very generously in the process of giving birth to our first child. Thank you. And I was there with the catches mid, and I was there with my arms open. The nurse was coming at me with this beautiful, beautiful child. And I remember as she was approaching me, the voices of friends saying, saying, the moment they put the baby in your hands, you will feel a sense of love that will come over you that is in order of magnitude more powerful than anything you've ever experienced in your entire life. So I was brave.