 experienced other people suffering up close in person, immersed myself in some rather intense emotional stories and at times I experienced great cheer in my own life. As always I would return to Bangalore and often to animated discussions at Friends Home where we discuss various issues while they complain bittling about new pub timings but drink often cost more than what they paid their own. I would feel very isolated during these discussions but at the same time I questioned myself on my own integrity and purpose in Storytelling and I decided that I had compromised just like my friends in those discussions where we made where we told stories in context we made excuses for rather than taking responsibility for it. I won't go into details of what led to a decision I made but let's just say it involved alcohol cigarettes, other substances and women. I basically decided that it was I, not the camera or the network or anything that lay outside myself that was the only instrument in Storytelling truly worth tuning. In my life when I tried to achieve things like success or recognition they alluded me. Paradoxically when I let go of these objectives and work come a place of passion and purpose looking for excellence rather than the results of it everything arrived on its own including fulfilled. Photography transcended culture including my own and it's for me a language which expresses the intangible and gives voice to people and stories of time. I invite you into three recent stories of mine which are about this way of looking at people and which I believe exemplify the tenets of what I like to call compassionate Storytelling. In 2007 I went to Liberia where we grew up my friends and I did an independent self-funded film still in progress on a very legendary and brutal wall of name General Bhattani. His real name is Joshua and he pictured here on his self where he once used to torture and murder me including children. Joshua claims to have personally killed more than 10,000 people during Liberia's war. He got his name from fighting Stark naked and it's probably the most prolific mass murder alive on earth today. This woman witnessed the general murdering her brother. Joshua commanded his child soldiers to commit an infeasible crime and enforce his command great talent. Today many of these children are addicted to drugs like heroin and desu too like these young men in the image.