 had control, which was very important. As I was building this space, I thought to myself, surely I'm not the only guy to have carved out a space for his own. So I did some research, and I found that there was a historic precedent. Hemingway had his writing space. Elvis had two or three man spaces, which is pretty unique, because he lived with both his wife and his mother in Graceland. In the popular culture, Superman had the fortress of solitude, and there was, of course, the Batcave. So I realized then that I wanted to go out on a journey and see what guys were creating for themselves now. Here's one of the first spaces I found. It's in Austin, Texas, which is where I'm from. On the outside, it looks like a very typical garage, a nice garage, but on the inside, it's anything but. And this, to me, is a pretty classic man space. It has neon concert posters, a bar, and, of course, the leg lamp, which is very important. I soon realized that man spaces didn't have to be only inside. This guy built a bowling alley in his backyard out of landscaping timbers, Astro Turf, and he found the scoreboard in the trash. Here's another outdoor space, a little bit more sophisticated. This is a 1923 wooden tugboat, made completely out of Douglas fir, the guy did it all himself, and there's about 1,000 square feet of hanging out space inside. So pretty early on in my investigations, I realized what I was finding was not what I expected to find, which was quite frankly a lot of beer can pyramids and over-stuff couches and flat screen TVs. There were definitely hangout spots, but somewhere for working, somewhere for playing, somewhere for guys to collect their things. Most of all, I was just surprised with what I was finding. Take this place, for example. On the outside, it looks like a typical Northeastern garage, this is in Long Island, New York. The only thing that might tip you off is the round window. On the inside, it's the recreation of a 16th century Japanese tea house. The man imported all the materials from Japan, and he hired a Japanese carpenter to build it in the traditional style. It has no nails or screws, all the joints are hand carved and hand scribe. Here's another pretty typical scene. This is a suburban Las Vegas neighborhood, but you open one of the garage doors, and there's a professional sized boxing ring inside. And it's a good reason for this. It was built by this man, who was Wayne McCullough, he won the Silver Medal for Ireland in the 1992 Olympics, and he trains in this space, trains other people, and right off the garage, he has his own trophy room, where he can sort of bask in his accomplishment, which is another sort of important part about a man's faith. So while this space represents someone's profession, this one certainly represents a passion. It's made to look like the inside of an English sailing ship. It's a collection of nautical antiques from the 17th, 18th, hundreds museum quality. So as I came to the end of my journey, I found over 50 spaces, and they were unexpected and they were surprising, but they were also, I was really impressed by how personalized they were, and how much work went into them. I had to realize that