 Queens, New York. But the theme of this session, of course, is invention. And while I don't have any patents that I'm aware of, you will be meeting a few of my inventions today. And so I suppose it's fair to say that I am interested in the invention of self or selves. We're all born into certain circumstances with particular physical traits, unique developmental experiences, geographical and historical contexts. But then what? To what extent do we self construct, do we self invent? How do we self identify and how mutable is that identity? What if one could be anyone at any time? Well, my characters, like the ones in my shows, allow me to play with the spaces between those questions. And so I brought a couple of them with me. And well, they're very excited. What I should tell you is that they've each prepared their own little TED talks. So feel free to think of this as Sarah University. OK. OK. Well, wonderful. Good evening, everybody. Thank you so very much for having me here today. Thank you very much. My name is Lorraine Levy. And oh my, there's so many of you. I'm sorry, Doc. OK. Anyway, I am here because of the young girl, Sarah Jones. She's a very nice young black girl. Well, she calls herself black. She's really more like a caramel color, if you look at it. But anyway, she has me here because she puts me in her show what she calls her one woman show. And you know what that means, of course, that means she takes the credit and then makes us come out here and do all the work. But I don't mind. I frankly, I'm compelling just to be here with all the luminaries here, have attending something like this. You know, really, it's amazing. Not only, of course, the scientists and all the wonderful giants of the industry, but the celebrities. There are so many celebrities running around here. I saw her, Glenn Close. I saw her earlier. I love her. And she was getting a yogurt in the Google cafe. Isn't that adorable? And so many others you see, they're just wonderful. It's lovely to know they're concerned. And oh, I saw her, Goldie Horn. Oh, Goldie Horn. I love her too. She's wonderful. And you know, she's only half Jewish. You know that about her? Yeah. But even so, a wonderful talent. And when I saw her, she's such a wonderful feeling. Yeah, she's lovely. But anyway, I should.