 in the societies without independent press. Think about that number, 83% of the population in the whole planet does not really know what is going on in their countries. Information they get gets filtered for somebody who either twists that information or colors that information, that's something with it. So they are deprived of understanding their reality. Let us just to understand how big the important and important this problem is. Now those of you who are lucky enough to live in those societies that represent 17%, I think should enjoy it until last. And on Sunday morning you flip the paper, get your cappuccino, enjoy what it's last, because as we heard yesterday countries can lose stars from their flags, but they can also lose press freedom, as I guess Americans and Manga's can tell us more about. But that's totally another separate topic, so let me go back to my story. My story starts, the story I want to share starts in 1991. At that time I was running the United to the only independent, for that matter the only electronic media in the country. And I guess we were sharing, we had that regular life on the only independent media in the country, operating in hostile environment where government really wants to make your life miserable. And there are different ways, yeah, I have a usual cocktail, a little bit of fresh, a little bit of friendly advice, a little bit of financial police, a little bit of text control, so we always have somebody who never leaves your office. But what they really do, which is very powerful, and that is what governments in late 1990s started doing, they don't like independent media companies, they threaten your advertisers. Because they threaten your advertisers, market forces are actually destroyed, and advertisers do not want to come, no matter how much does it make sense for them, do not want to come and advertise. And you have a problem making ends meet. At that time, in the beginning of the 1990s, we had that problem, which was survival blow on one side, but what was really painful for me was, remember, beginning of the 1990s, Yugoslavia is falling apart, we were sitting over there with a country in a downfall, with slow motion downfall. And we all had all of that in tapes. We had the ability to understand what was going on, we were actually recording history. The problem was that we had to retap that history a little later, because we did not, we