 been born with perfect eyesight. When he and his sister Martha were just very little, their mom took them out to see a total eclipse, or actually a solar eclipse. And not long after that, both of them started losing their eyesight. Decades later, it turned out that the source of their blindness was most likely some sort of bacterial infection. And as near as we can tell it, had nothing whatsoever to do with that solar eclipse. But by then, my grandmother had already gone to her grave thinking it was her fault. So, Dad graduated Harvard in 1946, married my mom, and bought a house in Lexington, Massachusetts, where the first shots were fired against the British in 1775, although we didn't actually hit any of them until conquered. He got a job working for Ray Pion designing guidance systems, which was part of the Route 128 high-tech access in those days. So the equivalent of Silicon Valley in the 70s. Dad wasn't a real militaristic kind of guy. He just really kind of felt bad that he wasn't able to fight in World War II on account of his handicap. Although they did let him get through these several hour long army physical exam before they got to the very last test, which was for vision. So, Dad started racking up all of these patents and getting a reputation as a blind genius rocket scientist inventor, but Tossi was just dad. And our home life was pretty normal. As a kid, I watched a lot of television and had lots of nerdy hobbies like mineralogy and microbiology and the space program and a little bit of politics. I played a lot of chess, but at the age of 14, a friend of mine got me interested in comic books and I decided that was what I wanted to do for a living. So, here's my dad. He's a scientist. He's an engineer. And he's a military contractor. He has four kids, right? One grows up to become a computer scientist. One grows up to join the Navy. One grows up to become an engineer. And then there's me. The comic book artist. Which incidentally makes me the opposite of Dean Cain and because I'm a comic book artist son of an inventor and he's an inventor son of a comic book artist. Right? It's true. The funny thing is that had a lot of face in me. He had face in my abilities as a cartoonist, even though he had no direct evidence that I was any good whatsoever. Everything he saw was just a blur. Now this gives a real meaning to the term blind faith, which doesn't have the same negative connotation for me that it does for other people. Now, faith in things which cannot be seen, which cannot be proved is not the sort of faith that I've ever really related to all that much. I tend to like science where what we see and can ascertain are the foundation of what we know. But there's a middle ground too. Middle ground tread by people like poor old Charles Babbage and his steam driven computers that were never built. Nobody really understood what it was that he had in mind, except for Ada Lovelace. And he went to his grave trying to find out what he was trying to find out.