 I am more than my genes. What do you guys think? Are you more than your genes? Yes. I think some people agree. I think some people agree with me. I think we should make a statement. I think we should say it all together. All right. I am more than my genes all together. I am more than my genes. What am I? I am my connectome. You guys are really great. Maybe you could humor me and say this all together too. Right? All together now. I am my connectome. That sounds great. You guys are so great. You don't even know what a connectome is. You're willing to play along with me. I could just go home now. Well so far only one connectome is known. That of this tiny worm. Its modest nervous system consists of just 300 neurons. And in the 1970s and 80s, a team of scientists, Matt, all 7,000 connections between the neurons. In this diagram, every node is a neuron and every line is a connection. This is the connectome of the worm's c-elties. Your connectome is far more complex than this because your brain contains 100 billion neurons and 10,000 times as many connections. There's a diagram like this for your brain, but there's no way it would fit on this slide. Your connectome contains 1 million times more connections than your genome has letters. That's a lot of information. What's in that information? We don't know for sure, but there are theories. Since the 19th century, neuroscientists have speculated that maybe your memories, the information that makes you you, maybe your memories are stored in the connections between your brains and neurons. And perhaps other aspects of your personal identity, maybe your personality and your intellect, maybe they're also encoded in the connections between your nodes. And so now you can see why I proposed this hypothesis I am my connecting. I didn't ask you to chant it because it's true. I just want you to remember it. And in fact, we don't know if this hypothesis is correct because we have never had technologies powerful enough to test it. Finding that worm connectome took over a dozen years of tedious labor and to find the connectome to brains more like our own. We need more sophisticated technologies that are automated that will speed up the process of finding connectomes.