 That's why there's a glass of water up there. For us it's a problem, the people in this room, for babies it's deadly. They lack nutrients and diarrhea dehydrates them. And so as a result there's a lot of death, a lot of death. In India 1960 there was a 24% child mortality rate, lots of people didn't make it. I'm incredibly unfortunate. One of the big reasons this happened was because of diarrhea. Now there was a big effort to solve this problem. And there was actually a big solution. And this solution has been called by some potentially the most important medical advance this syndrome. Now the solution turned out to be simple. What it was was oral rehydration signs. Many of you probably used this brilliant. It's a way to get sodium and glucose together. When you add it to water the child is able to absorb it even during situations with diarrhea. Remarkable impact on mortality. Massive solution to the problem. Flash forward. 1964% child mortality is dropped to 6.5%. Today still a big number but a big drop. It looks like the technological problem is solved. But if you look even today there are about 400,000 diarrhea related deaths in India alone. What's going on here? Well the easy answer is we just haven't gotten those salts. Those people. That's actually not true. If you look in areas where these salts are completely available the prices low or zero is that still completely. Maybe there's a biological answer. Maybe these are the deaths that simple rehydration alone doesn't solve. That's not true either. Many of these deaths are completely preventable. And this is what I want to think of as the disconcerting thing. What I want to call the last mile problem. See we spent a lot of energy in many domains. Technology, the scientific hard work, creativity, human ingenuity to crack important social problems with technologies. That's been the discoveries of the last 2000 years. That's mankind moving forward. But in this case we cracked it. But a big part of the problem still remains. 999 miles went well. The last miles convenient readily stubborn. Now that's a oral rehydration term. Maybe this is something unique about Diaries. It turns out this is where things get really disconcerting. It's not unique in Diaries. It's not even unique to corpicoanindian. Here's an example from a variety of concepts. I put a bunch of examples up here. I'll start with insulin diabetes medication in the US. Okay, American population. On Medicaid, if you're fairly poor you get Medicaid, if you have health insurance, insulin is pretty straightforward. You get it either in pill form or you get it as an injection. You have to take it every day to maintain your blood sugar levels. Massive technological advance took an incredibly deadly disease made it solvable and here in trade.