 slightly logged, but here you can see around the world how people are using Google. And every one of those rising dots represents probably about 20, 30 searches or something like that. And they're labeled by color right now by language. So you can see here we are in the US and they're all coming up red. We're in Monterey who play a gig right. You can see that Japan is busy at night right there. We have Tokyo, Communion, and Japanese. There's a lot of activity in China. There's a lot of activity in India. There's some in the Middle East, little pockets, and Europe, which is right now, middle of the day, is going really strong with a whole wide variety of languages. Now you can also see if I turn this around here. Hopefully I won't shake the world too much. But you can also see there are places where there's not so much Australia because there just aren't very many people there. And this is something that we should really work on, which is Africa, which is just a few trickles, basically in South Africa and a few other urban cities. But basically what we've noticed is these queries, which come in a thousands per second, are available everywhere there is power. And pretty much everywhere there is power, there's the internet. And even in Antarctica, this time of year, time time will save very high enough. And if we had it plotted correctly, I think the International Space Station would have it too. All right. Three. Yeah, let's shift it somewhere. So this is some of the some of the challenge that we have here. As you can see that it's actually kind of hard to get the. There we go. This is how we have to move the bits around to actually get the people to answer their questions. You can see that there's a lot of data running around. It has to go all over the world through fibers, through satellites, through all kinds of connections. And it's it's pretty tricky for us to maintain latencies as low as we try to. Hopefully your experience is good. But you can see also once again, so some places are much more wired than others. You can see all the bandwidth across the US going up over to Asia, Europe, and the other directions, so forth. Now what I would like to do is just to show you what one second of this activity will book like. And if we can switch to slides. All right, here we go. So this is.