 Some are the Indian in trouble, but not often. And the other thing about these guys is they also know what they do for a living. They make balloon animals. But what do we do for a living? What exactly do the people watching this do every day? And I want to argue that what we do is we try to change everything. That we try to find a piece of the status quo, something that bothers us, something that needs to be improved, something that's itching to be changed, and we change it. And we try to make big, permanent, important change. But we don't think about it that way, and we haven't spent a lot of time talking about what that process is like. And I've been studying it for a couple of years, and I want to share a couple of stories with you today. First about a guy named Nathan Winagrad. Nathan was the number two person at the San Francisco SBCA. And what you may not know about the history of the SBCA is it was founded to kill dogs and cats. Cities gave them a charter to get rid of the stray animals on the street and destroy them. And in a typical year, four million dogs and cats were killed, most of them within 24 hours of being scooped up the street. Nathan and his boss saw this, and they could not tolerate it. So they set out to make San Francisco a no-kill city. And in the entire city, where every dog and cat, unless it was ill or dangerous, would be adopted, not kill. And everyone said it was impossible. Nathan and his boss went to the city council to get it changed in the ordinance, and people from SBCA's in the main shelter from around the country flew to San Francisco to testify against them. To say it would hurt the movement, and it was inhumane. They persisted, and Nathan went directly to the community. He connected with people who cared about this, non-professional people with passion. And within just a couple years, San Francisco became the first no-kill city. Running no deficit, completely supported by the community. Nathan left and went to Tompkins County, New York, a place as different from San Francisco as you can be in the United States. And he did it again. He went from being a glorified dog catcher to completely transform the community. And then he went to North Carolina and did it again. And he went to Reno, and he did it again. And when I think about what Nathan did, and I want to think about people here, I think about ideas. And I think about the idea that creating an idea, spreading an idea has a lot behind it. And I don't know if you've ever been to a Jewish wedding, but what they do is they take a light bulb and they smash it. Now there's a bunch of reasons for that and the story is bad. But one reason is because it indicates a chain from before to after. It's a moment in time. And I want to argue that we are living in a way that we can be a part of the world.