 invention of sliced bread is this, that for the first 15 years after sliced bread was available, no one bought it, no one knew about it, it was a complete and total failure. And the reason is that until wonder came along and figured out how to spread the idea of sliced bread, no one wanted it, that the success of sliced bread like the success of almost everything we've been talking about at this conference is not always about what the patent is like or what the fact is like. It's about can you get your idea to spread or not. And I think that the way you're going to get what you want, because the change that you want to change to happen is you're going to figure out a way to get your ideas to spread. And it doesn't matter to me whether you're running a coffee shop or you're into the actual or you're in business or flying hot air balloons, I think that all this stuff applies to everybody regardless of what we do. That what we are living in is a century of idea diffusion. That people who can spread ideas regardless of what those ideas are. When I talk about I usually pick business because they make the best pictures that you can put in your presentation and because it's the easiest sort of way to keep score. But I want you to forgive me when I use these examples because I'm talking about anything that you decide to spend your time to do. The heart of spreading ideas is TV and stuff like TV. TV and mass media made it really easy to spread ideas in a certain way. I call it the TV industrial complex. The way the TV industrial complex works is you buy some ads, interrupts some people, that gets you distribution. Use the distribution you get to sell more products. You take the profit from that, divide more ads. It goes around and around and around the same way the military industrial complex worked the long time. That that model of, and we heard it yesterday, if you can only get on the homepage of Google, if you can only figure out how to get promoted there, if you can only figure out how to grab that person by the throat and tell them about what we want to do. If we do that, then everyone would pay attention, we would win. Well this TV industrial complex informed my entire childhood and probably yours. All of these products succeeded because someone figured out how to touch people in a way that they weren't expecting and in a way they didn't necessarily want, with an ad over and over and over again until they bought it. The thing that's happened is they canceled the TV industrial complex. That just over the last few years, when anybody who markets anything has discovered is it's not working the way that it used to. This picture is really fuzzy. I apologize. It had a bad cold when I took it. But the product in the blue box in the center is my post-to-child. I go to the deli, I'm sick, I need to buy some medicine. The brand manager for that blue product spent $100 million trying to interrupt me in one year.