 cars in a way that is convenient and affordable. You could get to a solution. Now, I started this from a point of view that it has to be something that scales a mass. Not how do you build one car, but how do you scale this so that it can become something that is used by 99% of the population? The thought that came to mind is that it needs to be as good as any car that you would have today. So, one, it has to be more convenient than a car, and two, it has to be more affordable than today's cars. And affordable is not a $40,000 sedan. That's not something we can finance or buy today. And convenient is not something you drive for an hour and charge for eight. So, we're bound with the laws of physics and the laws of economics. And so, the thought that I started with was how do you do this still within the boundary of the signs we know today? No time for signs, fair. No time for playing around with things or waiting for the magic battery to show up. How do you do it within the economics that we have today? How do you do it from the power of the consumer up and not from the power of any big down? And on a random visit to Tesla on some afternoon, I actually found out that the answer comes from separating between the car ownership and the battery ownership. In a sense, if you want to think about it, this is the classic battery is not included. Now, if you separate between it, you could actually answer the need for a convenient car by creating a network, by creating a network before the car show off. And the network has two components in them. First component is you charge the car whenever you stop. Ends up that cars are these strange beasts that drive for about two hours in part for about 22 hours. And if you drive a car in the morning, you drive it back in the afternoon, the ratio of charge to drive is about a minute for a minute. And so the first thought that came to mind is everywhere we park, we have electric power. Now, it sounds crazy, but in some places around the world like Scandinavia, you already have that. If you park your car and didn't plug in the heater, when you come back, you don't have a car. It just doesn't work. Now, that last mile, last foot, in a sense, is the first step of the infrastructure. The second step of the infrastructure needs to take care of the range extension. See, we're bound by today's technology on batteries, which is about 120 miles if you want to stay within reasonable space and weight limitations. And 120 miles is a good enough range for a lot of people, but you never want to get stuck. And so what we added is a second element to our network, which is a battery swap system. You drive, you take your depleted battery out, a full battery comes on and you drive on. And you don't do it as a human being, you do it as a machine. It looks like a car wash, you come into your car wash, and the plate comes up, hold your battery, takes it out, puts it back in, and within two minutes, you're back on the road, and you can go again. If you had charged spots everywhere, and you had battery swap stations everywhere, how often would you do it? And it ends