 fourth largest army, nuclear capacity. We know we have that, the Americans have even recognized this, in the agreement. Is it the economy where we have now the fifth largest economy in the world and purchasing power parity terms and we continue to grow, the rest of the world to competing last year, we grew at 6.7 percent. But somehow none of that adds up to me to what I think India really can aim to contribute to the world in this part of the 21st century. And so one that could, what the future beckons for India be all about, the combination of these things allied to something else, the power of example, the attraction of India's culture. What in other words, people like to call soft power. Soft power is a concept invented by a Harvard academic, just a knight, a friend of mine. And very simply, and I'm really cutting it short because of the time limits here, it's essentially the ability of a country to attract others because of its culture, its political values, its foreign policies. And you know, lots of countries do this. He was writing initially about the state, but you know the Aliossal says is all about French soft power, the British council, the Beijing Olympics, with an exercise in Chinese soft power. Americans have the voice of America and the full rights, conscious. But the factors in fact that probably Hollywood and MTV and McDonald's have done more for American soft power around the world than any specifically government activity. So soft power is something that really emerges partly because of governments, but partly despite governments. And in the information era we all live in today, what we might call the 10 age, I'd say that countries are increasingly being judged by a global public that's been fed on an incestent diet of internet news, of televised images, of cell phone videos, email gossip. In other words, all sorts of communication devices are telling us the stories of countries whether or not the country's concerned, wants people to hear those stories. Now in this age again, countries with access to multiple channels of communication and information have a particular advantage. And of course, they're more influenced sometimes about how they're seen. India has more all-news TV channels than any country in the world. In fact, in most countries in this part of the world put together. But the fact still is that it's not just that. Someone had the soft power, you have to be connected. And one might argue that India has become an astonishingly connected country. I think you've already heard the figures. We've been selling 15 million cell phones a month. Currently there are 509 million cell phones in Indian hands in India. And that makes us larger than the US as a telephone market. In fact, those 15 million cell phones are the most connections that any country, including the US and China, have ever established history of telecommunications. But what?