 I can't talk illicit but... May I join you, my lady? Please, you sir. Tu,luy, plum. The home of the kятagya share. Kaming fry. So she was dancing. So how many people who saw the film did not get that here was a woman in love. She was completely innocent and sold great joy in her life and she was youthful. And how many of you did not? That's a power of visual straight. That's a power of dance. That's a power of music. The power of not knowing. When I go out to direct the film, every day we prepare too much, we think too much. Knowledge becomes a way to call wisdom. Simple words lost in the quick sound of experience. So I come up and I say, what am I going to do today? I'm not going to do what I'm trying to do. And I put myself into absolute panic. It's my one way of getting rid of my mind. I say, hey, you know what you're doing? You know exactly what you're doing? You've done it for years. So I've got to get there and be heat panic. So it's a symbolic gesture. I tear up the script. I go on there. I panic myself. I get scared. I'm doing it right now. You can watch me. I'm getting nervous. I don't know what to say. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what to do. And as I go there, of course, my A.D. says, you know what you're going to do. And the studio executives there say, hey, look, check. I'm so prepared. And inside of him, I've just been listening to you, sir. You know, you can't. Because he's chaotic. I'm allowing him to go out and get him. Because out of chaos, I'm hoping some moments of truth will come. All preparation is preparation. I don't even know if it's going to happen. I don't even know if it's going to happen. The truth of it all comes on the moment organically. And if you get great, five great moments of great, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know,