 was to in some way or other exercise those evil spirits and this is still going on as you know. But it wasn't enough to use the priests when medicine became somewhat scientific in about 450 BC with hypocritees and those boys. They tried to look for herbs, plants that would literally shake the bad spirits out. So they found certain plants that could cause convulsions and the herbals, the botanical books of up to the late middle ages, the renaissance are filled with prescriptions for causing convulsions to shake the evil spirits out. Finally in about the 16th century a physician whose name was the afristus bombastus or aculairus from Hoenheim called paracelsis. The name probably familiar to some people here. Good old paracelsis. Found that he could predict the degree of convulsion by using a measured amount of camphor to produce the convulsion. Can you imagine going your claws and pulling on a mothball, chewing on if you're feeling depressed? It's better than pro-zac but I wouldn't recommend it. So what we see in the 17th, 18th century is the continued search for medications other than camphor to improve the trick. Well along comes Benjamin Franklin, he comes close to convulsing himself with a bolt of electricity off the end of his kite. And so people begin thinking in terms of electricity produced convulsions and then we fast forward. To about 1932 when three Italian psychiatrists who were largely treating depression began to notice among their patients who were also epileptics. Did if they had an epileptic, a series of epileptic fits, a lot of them in a row, the depression would very frequently lift not only would it lift but it might never return. So they got very interested in producing convulsions, measure types of convulsions and they have a lot of electricity with blood somebody into the wall. That always makes hair stand up and people shake a lot. So they tried it on a few pigs and none of the pigs were killed. So they went to the police and they said we know that at the Royal Railroad Station there are all these lost souls wandering around, muttering gibberish. Can you bring one of them to us? Someone who is the Italian say, Caguz. So they found this Caguz guy a 39-year-old man who was really hopeless these gets in front of him who was known had been known for months to be literally defecating on himself, talking nothing that made any sense and they brought him into the hospital. So these three psychiatrists after about two or three weeks of observation laid him down on the table, connected his temples to a very small source of carnival. Wow, well