 women. In the corporate sector, women at the top, sea level jobs, board seats, tops out at 15, 16 percent. The numbers have not moved since 2002 and are going in the wrong direction. Even in the nonprofit world, a world we sometimes think of as being led by more women, women at the top 20 percent. We also have another problem, which is that women face harder choices between professional success and personal fulfillment. A recent study in the U.S. showed that of senior managers, of married senior managers, two-thirds of the married men had children, and only one-third of the married women had children. A couple of years ago, I was in New York, and I was pitching a deal, and I was in one of those fancy New York private equity offices, U.T. and PICTURE. And I'm in the meeting. It's about a three-hour meeting. And two hours in, there's kind of needs to be that bio break, and everyone stands up. And the partner running the meeting, start looking really embarrassed. And I realized, he doesn't know where the women's room is in his office. So I start looking around for a mood in boxes, figuring they just moved in, but I don't see any. And so I said, so did you just move into this office? And he said, no, we've been here about a year. And I said, are you telling me that I'm the only woman to a pitch to deal in this office any year? And he looked at me and he said, yeah, or maybe you're the only one who had to go to the bathroom. So the question is, how are we going to fix this? How do we change these numbers at the top? How do we make this different? I want to start out by saying, I talk about this, about keeping women in the workforce. Because I really think that's the answer. In the high-income part of our workforce, in the people who end up at the top Fortune 500 CEO jobs or the equivalent in other industries, the problem that I am convinced is that women are dropping out. Now, people talk about this a lot, and they talk about things like flex time and mentoring and programs companies should have to train women. I want to talk about none of that today, even though that's all really important. Today, I want to focus on what we can do as individuals. What are the messages we need to tell ourselves? What are the messages we tell the women that work with and for us? What are the messages we tell our daughters? Now, at the outset, I want to be very clear that this speech comes with no judgments. I don't have the right answer. I don't even have it for myself. I left San Francisco where I live on Monday, and I was getting on the plane for this conference, and my daughter, who's three, when I dropped her off at preschool, did that whole hugging the like crying, mommy, don't get on the plane thing. This is hard. I feel guilty sometimes. I know no women whether they're at home or whether they're in the workforce that don't feel that sometimes. So I'm not saying that staying in the workforce is the right thing.