 You can see my fellow writer, the beginning, again, of the picture looking at me in the summer concern. Here's another picture on it. Unfortunately, I cannot show their faces either and I disclose the two names. It does people, my fellow writers are juvenile inmates, fenders, spending time in the correction facility about 20 minutes right from here. Well, like, at least I can just wait. And I think writing with these kids once a week, every Tuesday, brain-on-shine for the last four years and by now they became a fairly proud of my life. The story began four years ago. The correction facility where they unlocked up had to be right in the middle of one of my usual trips and it's surrounded by wires, electric gates, and off-gots. So in one of these rides, I took my way and went to see the warden and I called the warden that I wanted to start and to mark him by the club in this place and that basically I want to take the kids from here to there. And I told him, let's find a way which I'll be able to take out 10 kids once a week to ride with them somewhere in the country. And the warden was quite the news that he told me, he thought that I was in that, he told me that this place is a great facility. These guys are serious offenders. It's supposed to be long time. It's supposed to be out of the charge. And yet we didn't talk about it and one thing led to the other. And I can see myself going into a stake present in a majority, like you, such a proposition. But this being Israel, the warden somehow made it happen. And so two months later, we found ourselves at large, myself, juvenile inmates, and wonderful fellow named Bras became a very rich and divine and my partner in this project. And in the next few weeks, I had the tremendous pleasure of introducing these kids to the world of total freedom. A well-consisting of religious and business, like these. Everything you see here is obviously in Israel. As well as close and countered, those sorts of small creatures coming in all sorts of sizes, cutters, shapes, forms, and so on. It's kind of all this splendor, the beginning where the stringy fuss breaking. Every small obstacle, every slight appeal would cause these fellows to stop in the tracks and give up. So we had a lot of of this going on. I found out that we had a very bad time dealing with frustration. It's difficult. It's not because the worst is a jam fit. That's one reason why they ended up where they were. And I became increasingly more and more agitated because I was there.