 comparisons between people all around the globe. And the thing that you really take away from that, the kind of surface thing that you take away from it, is not that we're all one, although I'm going to tell you about that. But rather, how different we are. There is so much diversity around the globe. 6,000 different languages spoken by 6.5 billion people, all different colors, shapes, sizes. You walk down the street in any big city, you travel like that, and you are amazed at the diversity in the human species. How do we explain that diversity? Well, that's what I'm going to talk about today is how we're using the tools of genetics, population genetics, in particular, to tell us how we generated this diversity and how long it took. Now, the problem of human diversity, like all big scientific questions, how do you explain something like that? And you broken down into subquestions, and you can fair it away at those little subquestions. First one is really a question of origins. Do we all share the common origin, in fact, and given that we do, and that's the assumption everybody I can discern would make, when was that? When did we originate the species? How long have we been diverging from each other? And the second question is related, but slightly different. If we do spring from a common source, how did we come to occupy every corner of the globe? And in the process, generate all of this diversity, the different ways of life, the different appearances, the different languages around the world. Well, the question of origins, as with so many other questions and biology, seems to have been answered by Darwin, over a century ago in the DeSetto man, he wrote in each great region of the world, the living mammals are closely related to the extinct species of the same region. If they're probable that Africa was formerly inhabited by extinct apes, closely allied to the guerrilla in chimpanzee. And as these two species are now men's nearest allies, it's somewhat more probable that our early progenitors lived in the African continent than elsewhere. So we're done. We can go home. Finish the origin question. Well, not quite. Because Darwin was talking about our distantness, our common ancestry with apes. And it is quite clear that apes originated on the African continent, around 23 million years ago, they appear on the colossal record. Africa was actually disconnected from the other landmasses at that time due to the vagaries of plate tecton exploding around the Indian Ocean. Bumped into your razor around 16 million years ago, and then we have first African exodus, as we call it. The apes that laughed at that time that it up in Southeast Asia became the gibbon to me rang attempts and the ones that stayed on an apricot evolved into the guerrillas in chimpanzees and us. So yes, if you're talking about our common ancestry with apes, it's very clear by looking at the fossil record, we started off here. But that's not really the question I'm asking. I'm asking about our human ancestry, things that we would recognize as being like us, if they were sitting here in the room, they're appearing over your shoulder. You wouldn't leap back like that. What about our human ancestry? Because if we go far enough back, we share a common ancestry with every living thing on Earth. DNA ties us all together. So we share ancestry with barracuda and bacteria and mushrooms if you go far enough.