 institutional design. What I will focus on in my talk is why they matter, how they matter, and what we can all do to make sure that they continue to matter in the right ways. That is, how all of us can contribute to developing and toning the skills of local and global leaders, to make peace and to make it last. But let's start at the beginning. Civil wars have made news headlines for many decades now, and ethnic conflicts in particular have been a near constant presence as a major international security set. For nearly two decades now, the news has been bad, and the images have been haunting. In Georgia, after years of stalemate, we saw a full-scale resurgence of violence in August 2008. This quickly escalated into a five-day war between Russia and Georgia, leaving Georgia ever more divided. In Kenya, contested presidential elections in 2007, we just heard about them, quickly led to high levels of inter-ethnic violence and the killing and displacement of thousands of people. In Sri Lanka, a decades-long civil war between the Tamil minority and the Sinhala majority led to a bloody climax in 2009. After perhaps as many as 100,000 people had been killed since 1983. In Kyrgyzstan, just over the last few weeks, unprecedented levels of violence occurred between ethnic curgis and ethnic Uzbeks. Hundreds have been killed in more than 100,000 displaced, including many ethnic Uzbeks who fled to neighboring Uzbekistan. In the Middle East, conflict between Israelis and Palestinians continues unabated, and it becomes ever more difficult to see how, just how a possible sustainable solution can be achieved. D'Orfur may have slipped from the news headlines, but the killing and displacement there continues as well, and the sheer human misery that it creates is very hard to fathom. And in Iraq, finally, violence is on the rise again, and the country has yet to form a government for months after its last parliamentary elections. But hang on, this talk is to be about the good news. So are these now the images of the past? Well, notwithstanding the gloomy pictures from the Middle East, D'Orfur, Iraq, elsewhere, there is a longer term trend that does represent some good news.