 As I realized, just like with many many things in my life that I actually love, I adapt to it and I get over time bought by them. And for sure in our case, our work started to look the same. See here a glass side in a die cut for book. Quite a similar idea than a perfume packaged in a book in a die cut. So I decided to close it down for one year. Also with the knowledge that right now we spend about in the west 25 years of our lives learning. And there's another 40 years that's really reserved for working and then tucked on at the end of it are about 15 years for retirement. And I thought it might be helpful to basically cut off five of those retirement years and express them in between those working years. That's clearly enjoyable for myself. But probably even more important is that the work that comes out of this years flows back into the company and into society at large, rather than just, you know, benefiting a grandchild or two. There's a fellow tester who spoke two years ago, Jonathan Hyde, who defined his work into three different levels and they rang very true for me. I can see my work as a job. I do it for money. I like to already look forward to the weekend on Thursdays and I probably will need a hobby as a leveling mechanism. In a career, I'm definitely more engaged, but at the same time there will be periods when I think it's all that really hard work really grows my while. While in the third one in the calling very much likely I would do it also if I wouldn't be financially compensated for it. I'm not a religious person myself, but I did look for nature. I had spent my first sabbatical in New York City, looked for something different for the second one. Europe and the US didn't really feel impicing because I knew them too well. So Asia it was the most beautiful landscapes I had seen in Asia, the Sri Lanka and Bali. Sri Lanka still had the civil war going on. Bali it was, it's a wonderful, very craft-oriented society, Iolized. They are in September 2008 and pretty much started to go right away. They are this wonderful inspiration coming from the area itself. However, the first thing that I needed was mosquito repellent typography because they were definitely around heavily. And they were really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really,