 I am from their office to their friends by texting under the desk. The picture that you're seeing behind me are people that I visited in the last few months. And I asked them to come along with personally communicate with most. And somebody brought a boyfriend, somebody's father, one young woman brought her grandfather. For 20 years I've been looking at how people use channels such email, the mobile phone, texting, etc. What you're actually going to see is that fundamentally people are communicating on a regular basis with 5, 6, 7 of their most intimate sphere. Now let's take some data. Facebook, recently from Sociologist from Facebook. Facebook is the channel that you would expect with the most enlarging of all channels. And an average user said Cameroon Marano from Facebook had about 120 friends. But he actually talks to have two ways changes. It's about 4 to 6 people on a regular basis, telling on his gender. Academic research on instant messaging also shows 100 people on body lists. But fundamentally people chat with 2, 3, 4, and way less than 5. My own research on cell phone and voice calls show that 80% of the calls are actually made to 4 people, 80%. And when you go to Skype, it's down to 2 people. A lot of sociologists actually are quite disappointed. I mean, I've been a bit disappointed sometimes when I saw this data, you know, all this deployment just for 5 people. And some sociologists actually feel that it's a closure, it's a cocooning, that we're disengaging from the public. And I would actually, I would like to show you that if you actually look at who was doing it and from where we're doing it, actually there's an incredible social transformation. There are three stories that I think are good examples. The first gentleman, he's a baker. And so he starts working every morning at 4 o'clock in the morning. And around 8 o'clock he sort of speaks away from his oven, cleans his hands from the plow and causes wife. He just wants to wish her a good day, because that's the start of her day. And I've heard this story a number of times, a young factory worker who works night shifts, who manages to sneak away from the factory floor with her CCTV, by the way, and find a corner where at 7 o'clock at night, he can call his girlfriend and just say, good night, or a mother of what, 4 o'clock, you know, something manages to find a corner and they thought it to check that her children are safely home. Then there's another couple, there's a Brazilian couple. They lived in Italy for a number of years, they skyped with their family a few times a week. But once a fortnight, they actually put the computer on the dining table, pull out the webcam and actually have dinner with their family in South Pound and they have a big event of it. And I heard this story the first time a couple of years ago, from a very modest family of immigrants from Kosovo in Switzerland, they had set up big screen in their living room, and every morning they had breakfast with a grandmother.