 And it turned out that I just went to see, you know, what they are doing in Hong Kong. But I actually bought the Veevies a great store buffer and I flew back to Austria, packing my bags. And another week later, I was again on my way to Hong Kong, still superstitious and thinking well, if that winner billboard is still up, I'm going to have a good time working here. But if it's gone, it's going to be really miserable and stressful. So it turned out that not only was the billboard still up, but they had put this one right next to it. On the other hand, it also taught me via superstition gets me because I really had a terrible timing on front. However, I did have a number of real moments of happiness in my life. Or, you know, I think what's the conference brochure refers to as moments that take your breath away. And since I'm a big list maker, I actually listed them all. Now you don't have to go through the trouble of reading them and I won't read them for you. I know that it's incredibly boring to hear about other people's happiness. What I did, due to, is I actually looked at them from a design standpoint and just eliminated all the ones that had nothing to do with design. And very surprisingly, over half of them had actually something to do with design. So there's, of course, two different possibilities. There's one from a consumer's point of view where I was happy while experiencing design. And I just give you one example. I had gotten my first Walkman, this is 1983. My brother had this great Yamaha motorcycle that he was willing to borrow to me freely. And the police, the synchronicity, the set has just been released. And there was no helmet loin my hometown of Braggans. So you could drive up into the mountains freely blasting the police on the new Sony Walkman. And I remember it as a true moment of happiness. Of course, they are related to this combination of at least two of them being design objects. And there's a scale of happiness when you talk about them design. But the motorcycle incident would definitely be situated somewhere here, right, in the between the light and bliss. Now there is the