 were making the ocean pre-unhacking in a lot of different ways. This is a shot of Cannery Row, 1932. Cannery Row, at the time, had the biggest industrial canning operation on the west coast. We piled enormous amounts of pollution into the air, into the water. The rough Berlin, who was a professor at the Hopkins Green Station where I worked, wrote in the 1940s that the fumes from the scum floating on the inlet of the bay were so bad they turned lead-based paint black. People working in these canneries could barely stay their all day because of the smell. But you know what they came out saying? They say, you know what you smell? You smell money. That pollution was money to that community. And those people dealt with the pollution and absorbed it into their skin and into their bodies because they needed the money. Made the ocean unhappy. We made people very unhappy. We made them unhealthy. The connection between ocean health and human health is actually based upon another couple of simple additives. And I want to call that pinching middle perter whale, the pyramid of ocean life. Now when a oncologist looks at the ocean, I have to tell you, we look at the ocean in a very different way and we see different things when a regular person looks at the ocean. Because when an oncologist looks at the ocean, we see all those interconnections. We see the base of the food chain, the plankton, the small things. And we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid and also up this diagram. And that flow, that flow of life in the very base up to the very top is the flow that ecologists see. And that's what we are trying to preserve when we say save the ocean, heal the ocean, it's that pyramid. Why does that matter for human health? Because when we jam things in the bottom of that pyramid that shouldn't be there, some very frightening things happen. Pollutes, some pollutants have been created by us, molecules like PCBs that can't be broken down by our bodies. And they go in the base of that pyramid and they drift up, they're passed up that way onto predators and onto the top predators. And in so doing, they accuse. Now to bring that home, I thought I'd invent a little game. We don't really have to play it. We can just think about it here. It's the Styrofoam and chocolate. Imagine that when we got on this boat, we were all given two Styrofoam peanuts. And too much of them put them in your pocket. Because suppose the rules are, every time you offer somebody a drink, you give them a drink and you give them your Styrofoam peanuts, too. What will happen is that the Styrofoam peanut will start moving through our society here and they will accumulate in the drunkest, stingiest people. There's no mechanism in this game for them to go anywhere, but into a bigger and bigger pile of undigestible Styrofoam peanuts. And that's exactly what happens with PCBs.