 When you think about it, we're so constrained by browsing the web, remembering Earl's saving favorites. As we move to search, we rely on the relevance rankings, the web matching, the index crawling, but we want to use our brain. We want to navigate, explore, discover information. In order to do that, we have to put you as a user back in the driver's seat. We need a cooperation between you and the computing network and the computer. So what better way to put you back in the driver's seat than to put you in the real world that you interact in every day? Why not leverage the learnings that you've been learning your entire life? So virtual Earth is about, you know, starting off creating the first digital representation, comprehensive of the entire world. We want to do a mix in all types of data, tag it, attribute it, metadata, get the community to add local depth, global perspective, local knowledge. So when you think about this problem, what an enormous undertaking, where do you begin? Well, we collect data from satellites, from airplanes, from ground vehicles, from people. This process is, you know, it's both an engineering problem, a mechanical problem, a logistical problem, an operations problem. Here is an example of our aerial camera. This is panchromatic. It's actually four color cones in addition. It's multi-specual. We collect four gigabits per second of data. If you can imagine that kind of data stream coming down. That's equivalent to a constellation of 12 satellites at highest risk. Passive. We fly these airplanes at 5,000 feet in the air. You can see the camera on the front. We collect multiple viewpoints, vantage points, angles, textures. We bring all that data back in. We sit here, you know, thinking about the ground vehicles, the human scale. What do you see in person? We need to capture that close to a slab of us that what is like type experience. I bet many of you have seen the Apple commercials kind of hooking at the PC for, of course, there are brilliance and simplicity. So a little unknown secret is did you see the one with the guy he's got the webcam, the poor PC guy, they're duck-deeping his head. They're just wrapping it out. Well, unknown secret is his brother actually works on the virtual lifting. So they've got a little bit of a sibling rivalry thing going on here. But let me tell you, it doesn't affect his day job. We think a lot of good can come from this technology. This was after Katrina. We were the first commercial fleet of airplanes to be cleared into the disaster impact zone. We flew the area. We imaged it. We sent in people. We took pictures of interiors, disaster areas. We helped with the first responders, the search and rescue. Often the first time anyone saw what happened to their house was on virtual earth. We made all freely available on the web just to, you know, it was obviously our chance of helping