 as I know, can you get it together to clap and sing? Whoa! Now that's what we call emergent behavior. So I didn't expect that, but I mean I expected you could synchronize it. It didn't occur to me you'd increase your frequency. It's interesting. So what do we make of that? First of all, we know that you're all brilliant. This is a room full of intelligent people, highly sensitive. Some trained musicians out there. Is that what enabled you to synchronize? So to put the question a little more seriously, let's ask ourselves, what are the minimum requirements for what you just did for spontaneous synchronization? Do you need, for instance, to be as smart as you are? Do you even need a brain at all? Just to synchronize. Do you need to be alive? I mean, that's a spooky thought, right? Inanimate objects that might spontaneously synchronize themselves? It's real. In fact, I'll try to explain today that sync is maybe one of the most, perhaps even the most pervasive drive in all of nature. It extends from subatomic scale to the farthest reaches of the cosmos. It's a deep tendency toward order in nature that opposes what we've all been taught about entropy. I mean, I'm not saying the law of entropy is wrong. It's not. But there is a counter-vailing force in the universe, the tendency towards spotaneous order. And so that's our thing. Now, to get into that, let me begin with what might have occurred to you immediately when you hear that we're talking about synchrony in nature, which is the glorious example of birds that flock together or fish swimming in organized schools. So these are not particularly intelligent creatures. And yet, as we'll see, they exhibit beautiful ballets. This is from a BBC show called Predators. And what we're looking at here are examples of synchrony that have to do with defense. When you're small and vulnerable, like these starlings or like the fish, it helps to swarm to avoid predators to confuse predators. I think it's be quiet for a second because it's so gorgeous. For a long time, biologists were puzzled by this behavior, wondering how it could be possible. We're so used to choreograph.