 The spread of coffee and tea through British culture, what people drank both elite and maths folks drank day in and day out from from dormant to dusk was alcohol, right? Alcohol was the daytime beverage of choice. You would drink a little beer with breakfast, have a little wine at lunch, a little gin, particularly around 1650, and pop it off a little beer and wine at the end of the day. That was the healthy choice, right? Because the water was and saved the drink. And so effectively, until the rise of the coffee house, you had an entire population that was effectively drunk all day. And you can imagine what that would be like, right? In your own life, and I know this is to some of you, if you were drinking all day, and then you switched from a depressant to a stimulant in your life, you would have better ideas. You would be sharper and more alert. And so it's not an accident, but a great flowering of innovation happen as England switched to tea and coffee. But the other thing that makes the coffee house important is the architecture of the space. It was a space where people would get together from different backgrounds, different fields of expertise, and share it was a space that Matt really talked about where ideas could have sex, right? This was their aconical bed, in a sense. Ideas would get together there. And an astonishing number of innovations from this period have a coffee house somewhere in their story. I've been spending a lot of time thinking about coffee houses for the last five years because I've been kind of in on this quest to investigate this question of where good ideas come from. What are the environments that lead to unusual levels of innovation, unusual levels of creativity? What's the kind of environmental? What is the space of creativity? And what I've done is I've looked at both environments like the coffee house. I've looked at like media environments like worldwide web that have been extraordinarily innovative. I've gone back to the history of the first cities. I've even gone to biological environments like coral reefs and rainforests that involve unusual levels of biological innovation. And what I've been looking for is shared patterns, kind of signature behavior that shows up again and again in all these environments. Are there recurring patterns that we can learn from that we can take in a kind of reply to our own lives or our own organizations or our own environments to make them more creative and innovative? And I think I've found a few. But what you have to do to make sense of this and to really understand these principles is you can have to do away with a lot of the way in which are kind of conventional metaphors and language steers us towards certain concepts of idea creation. We have this very rich vocabulary to describe moments of inspiration. We have the kind of the flash of insight, the stroke of insight. We have epiphanies. We have Eureka moments. We have the light bulb moments. All of these concepts as rhetorically florid as they are share this basic assumption which is that an idea is a single thing. Something that happens often in a wonderful illuminating moment. But in fact