 are told ought to be referred to as the 12th, the Hanyai, the global spiderweb, recommendations that they French gaitly ignore. Now this is one model of how language comes to being meaning it's legislated by an academy, but anyone who looks at language realizes that this is a rather silly conceit that language rather emerges from human minds interacting from one another and this visible to me unstoppable change in language, fact that by the time the academy finishes their dictionary it will already be well out of date. We see it in the constant appearance of slang and jargon, historical change in languages in divergence of dialects and formation in new languages. So language is not so much a creator or shaper of human nature so much as a window onto human nature and in a book that I'm currently working on. I hope to use language to shed light on a number of aspects of human language, a human nature including the cognitive machinery with the machines conceptualize the world and the relationship types that govern human interaction. I'm going to say a few words about each one this morning. Let me start off with a technical problem in language that I worried about for quite some time. It delged me in my passion for verbs and how they're used. Problem is, which verbs go in which constructions? The verb is the chassis of the sentence. It's the framework onto which the other parts are bolted. We give you a quick reminder of something that you've long forgotten and in transit of verbs such as dine for example can't take a direct object. You have to say sam dine, not sam dine the pizza. The transit of verb mandates that it has to be an object. They're sam dived word, the pizza you can't just say sam dived word and there are dozens or scores of verbs at this type each of which shapes sentence. Problem in explaining how children learn language, problem in teaching language to adults so that they don't make them at all errors, problem in programming computers to use language is which verbs go in which constructions. For example, the date of construction in English you can say give a muffin to a mouse, the prepositional date of or give a mouse a muffin, the double object date of promise anything to her, promise her anything and so on. Hundreds of verbs can go both ways. So attempting generalization for a child, for an adult, for a computer is that any verb that can appear in the construction, subject verb, thing to a recipient can also be expressed as subject verb, recipient thing. A handy thing to have because language is infinite. You can't just parrot back these sentences that you've heard. You've got to extract generalizations. You can produce and understand new sentences. This would be an example of how to do that. Unfortunately, there appear to be idiosyncratic exceptions. You can say