 being in the gang was a glamourous life, but I think more realistically that being in gang selling drugs for a gang is perhaps the worst job in all of America. And that's what I'd like to convince you of today. Okay, so there's three things I want to do. I first I want to explain how and why crack cocaine hits such a profound influence on inner city gangs. Secondly, I want to tell you how somebody like me came to be able to see the inner workings of a gang. It's an interesting story I think. And third, I want to tell you a very superficial way about some of the things we found when we actually got to look at the financial records, the books of the gang. Okay, but before I do that, just one warning, which is that this presentation has been made in R by the Motion Picture Association of America. It contains adult themes, adult language, given it was up on the stage, we're delighted to know, in fact there'll be no nudity barring, an unexpected wardrobe malfunctions. Okay, so let me start by talking about crack cocaine and how it transformed the gang. Okay, to do that, you have to actually go back to a time before crack cocaine in the early 80s and look at that perspective of a gang leader. Okay, so being a gang leader in the inner city wasn't such a bad deal in the mid 80s, the early 80s, some say. Now, get a lot of power and you got to beat people up, you got a lot of prestige, a lot of respect. But the thing in there was no money in it. Okay, the gang had no way to make money. Couldn't charge dues to the people in the gang, so people in the gang didn't have any money. Couldn't really make any money selling marijuana. Marijuana is cheap, it turns out. It's just no market for B. You can't get rich selling marijuana. You couldn't sell cocaine. It could contain the great product, pot of cocaine, but you got them all rich white people. And most of the inner city gang members didn't know any rich white people. They couldn't sell that market. You couldn't really do petty crime either. It turns out petty crimes are terrible with me. So as a result, as a gang leader, you had power. It's pretty good life, but the thing was in the end, you were living at home with your mother. And so it wasn't really a career. So something that it's just a limit to how powerful and important you could be if you had to live at home with your mother. Then, a lot comes crack cocaine. Okay, and in the words of Malcolm Gladwell, crack cocaine was the extra chunky version of tomato sauce for the inner city. Okay, because crack cocaine was an unbelievable innovation. I don't have time to talk about it today. But if you think about it, I would say that in the last 25 years of every invention or innovation that's occurred in this country, the biggest one in terms of impact on the well-being of people who live in the inner city was crack cocaine. Okay, it's for the worst. Not nothing about it for the worst. It had a huge impact on my. So what was it about crack cocaine?