 But building on the invention of the first one came up with a second cure. And the beauty of the second cure for this disease was that it could be used on infants in one year olds. And the problem with this cure was it was very expensive. It was very complicated to use. And although parents tried as hard as they could to use it properly, almost all of them ended up using it wrong in the end. But what they did, of course, since it was so complicated and expensive, they only used it on the zero year olds and one year olds. And it kept on using the existing cure that they had on the two year olds enough. And this went along for quite some time. People were happy. They had new two cures. Until a particular mother, whose child had just turned to died of this disease. And she thought to herself, my child just turned to. And until the child turned to, I'd always used this complicated, expensive cure treatment. And then the child turned to, and I started using the cheap and easy treatment. And I wondered, and she wondered, like, all parents and whose children wondered, if there was something that I could have done, like, keep on using that complicated, expensive cure. And she told all the other people, and she said, how could it possibly be that something that's cheap and simple works as well as something that's complicated and expensive? And the people thought, you know, you're right. It probably is the wrong thing to do to switch and use the cheap and simple solution. And the government, they heard her story and the other people, and they said, yeah, you're right. We should make a law. We should outlaw this cheap and simple treatment. And not let anybody use this on the hunger children. And the people were happy. They were satisfied. For many years, this had been a long and everything was fine. But then a long came, a lonely economist who had children himself. And he used the expensive and complicated treatment. And, but he knew about the cheap and simple one. And he thought about it. And the expensive one didn't seem that great to him. So he thought, why don't know anything about science? But I do know something about data. So maybe I should go and look at the data and see whether this expensive and complicated treatment actually works any better than the cheap and simple one. And lo and behold, when he went to the data, he found that it didn't look like the expensive, complicated solution was any better than the cheap one. At least for the children who were two and older, the cheap one still didn't work on the kids who were younger. And so he went forward to the people. And he said, I've made this wonderful finding. It looks as if we could just use the cheap and simple solution. And by doing so, we could save ourselves $300 million a year. We spend that on our children in other ways. And the parents were very unhappy. And they said, this is a terrible thing, because how can the cheap and easy thing be as good as the hard thing? And the government was very upset. And in particular, the people who made this expensive solution were very upset because they thought, how can we be helped to compete with something that's essentially free?