 behaviors and predisposed to none from the late scientist Stephen J. Gool. There are a number of reasons to doubt that the human mind is of like slight. And some of them just come from common sense. As many people have told me over the years, anyone who's had more than one child knows that kids come into the world with certain temperaments and talents. It doesn't all come from the outside. Oh, and anyone who has both a child and a house pet has surely noticed that the child exposed to speech will acquire a human language, whereas the house pet won't, presumably because of some innate difference between them. And anyone who's ever been in a heterosexual relationship knows that the minds of men and minds of women are not indistinguishable. There are also, I think, increasing results from the scientific study of humans that indeed were not born blank slates. One of them from anthropology is the study of human universals. If you've ever taken anthropology, you know that it's a kind of an occupational pleasure of anthropologists to show how exotic other cultures can be. And there are places out there where supposedly everything is the opposite, the way it is here. But if you instead look at what is common to the world's cultures, you find that there is an enormously rich set of behaviors and emotions and ways of construing the world that can be found in all of the world's 6,000 odd cultures. The anthropologist Donald Brown has tried to list them all, and they ranged from aesthetics, affection, and age statuses all the way down to weaning, weapons, weather, attempts to control the color white and a world view. Also, genetics and neuroscience are increasingly showing that the brain is intimately structured. This is a recent study by the neurobiologist Paul Thompson and his colleagues in which they, using MRI, measured the distribution of gray matter, that is the outer layer of the cortex, in a large sample of pairs of people. And they coded correlations in the thickness of gray matter in different parts of the brain, using a false color scheme, in which no difference is coded as purple, and any color other than purple indicates a statistically significant correlation. Well, this is what happens when you pair people up the random by definition. The two people picked at random can't have correlations in the distribution of gray matter in the cortex. This is what happens in people who share half of their DNA for tunnel twins. And as you can see, large amounts of the brain are not curable, showing that if one person has a thicker bit of cortex in that region, so does his for tunnel twin. And here's what happens if you get pair of people who share all of their DNA, namely clones for identical.