 California is basically the equivalent of Europe in this. This year, Horrith catalog has a supplement that I'll preview today called Horrith Discipline. The dominant demographic event of our time is the screamingly, regretted urbanization that we have going on. A mid-century will be about 80% urban and that's mostly in the developing world that that's happening. It's interesting because history is driven to a large degree by the size of cities. The developing world now has all of the biggest cities and they are developing three times faster than the developed countries and nine times bigger, qualitatively different. Then the drivers of history, as we see by looking at history, a thousand years ago, this was what the world looked like. Well, we now have the distribution of urban power similar to what we had a thousand years ago. In other words, the rise of the West, the Americas it was, is over. The aggregate numbers are absolutely overwhelming. 1.3 million people a week coming to town, decade after decade. What's really going on? What's going on is the villages of the world are emptying out. Substance farming is drying up. People are following opportunity into town and this is why. I used to have a very romantic idea about villages and just because I never lived in more. Because in town, this is a bustling squadron city of Pibera, near Nairobi. They see action, they see opportunity, they see a cash economy that they were not able to participate in back in the subsistence farm. As you go around these places, there are plenty of aesthetics, there's plenty going on. They're poor, but they're intensely urban. And they're intensely creative. The aggregate numbers now are that basically squatters, all one billion of them are building the urban world, which means the building world. Personally, one by one, family by family, clan by clan, neighborhood by neighborhood. They start flimsy and they get substantial as time goes by. They even build their own infrastructure. Well, steal their own infrastructure. At first, cable TV, water, the whole gamut, all gets stolen and then gradually tentacles. It is not the case that slums undermine prosperity, not the working slums. They help create prosperity. So in a town like Mumbai, which is half slums, it's one six in the GDP, then the... Social capital in the slums is at its most urban and dense. These people are valuable as a group and that's how they work. There's a lot of people who get since all these poor people, where there's terrible things that you've got to fix their housing, you used to be, we've got to get them phone service. Now they're showing us how to do phone service. Family mostly is a rural event now. There are things they care about.