 with an experiment which was a very simple experiment in New Delhi. I basically embedded a computer into a wall of a slum in New Delhi. The children there, they went to school, they didn't know any English, they never seen a computer before and they didn't know what the internet was. I connected high speed internet to it, it's about three feet off the ground, turned it on and left it there. After this, we noticed a couple of interesting things which you'll see. But I repeated this all over India and then through a large part of the world. And notice that children will learn to do what they want to learn to do. This is the first experiment that we did, eight year old boy on your right, teaching his student, a six year old girl, and he was teaching her how to browse. This boy here in the middle of central India, this is a Rajasthan village. Where the children recorded their own music and then played it back to each other. And in the process they enjoyed themselves thoroughly. They did all of this in four hours after seeing the computer for the first time. In another South Indian village, these boys here had assembled a video camera and were trying to take a photograph of a Bumblebee. They downloaded it from Disney.com or one of these websites, 14 days after putting the computer in their village. So at the end of it, we concluded that groups of children can learn to use computers and the internet on their own. Irrespective of who or where they were. At that point, I became a little more ambitious and decided to see what else could children do with the computer. We started off with an experiment in Hyderabad, India, where I gave a group of children. They spoke English with a very strong telegu accent. I gave them a computer with a speech to text interface, which you now get free with windows. And asked them to speak into it. So when they spoke into it, the computer typed out gibberish. So they said, it doesn't understand anything of what we are saying. So I said, yeah, I'll leave it here for two months. Make yourself understood to the computer. So the children said, how do we do that? And I said, I don't know. And I left. Two months later, and this is now documented in the information technology for international development in general, their accents had changed and were remarkably close to the neutral British accent in which I had trained the speech to text synthesizer. In other words, they were all speaking like James Toon.