 She sold four-year-old Pranita to a broker. By the time we got the information, we reached there. Pranita was already raped by three men. Shaheen's background, I don't know if you know. We found her in a railway track. Rape by many, many men, I don't know how many, but the indications of that on her body was that her intestine was outside her body. And when we took her to the hospital, she needed 32 stitches to put back her intestine into her body. We still don't know who her parents are. Who she is, all that we know that hundreds of men had used her brutally. Angelie's father, a drunkard, sold his child for pornography. You're seeing here images of three years, four-year-olds and five-year-old children who have been trafficked for commercial sexual exploitation. In this country and across the globe, hundreds and thousands of children as young this three, as young this four, are sold into sexual slavery. But that's not the only purpose that human beings are sold for. They're sold in the name of adoption, they're sold in the name of organ trade, they're sold in the name of forced labor, camel jogging, anything, everything. I work on the issue of commercial sexual exploitation and I tell you stories from there. My own journey to work with these children started as a teenager. I was 15 when I was gang raped by eight men. I don't remember the rape part of it so much as much as the anger part of it. Yes, there were eight months who defiled me, raped me, but that didn't go into my conscious. I never felt like a victim then or now. But what lingered from then to now, I'm 40 today, is this huge outrageous anger. Two years I was ostracized, I was stigmatized, I was isolated because I was a victim. And that's what we do to all trafficked survivors. We as civil society, we have PhDs in victimizing a victim. Right from the age of 15, when I started looking around me, I started seeing hundreds and thousands of women in children who are left in sexual slavery like practices, but have absolutely no despite because we don't allow them to come in. Where does their journey begin?