 and secondly how this might answer questions about who's out there if indeed anyone is. So, memetics. Memetics is founded on the principle of universal Darwinism. Darwin had this amazing idea. Indeed, some people say it's the best idea anybody ever had. Isn't that a wonderful thought that there could be such a thing as a best idea anybody ever had? Do you think the could? Someone says no very loudly from over there. Well, I say yes and if there is, I give the price to Darwin. Why? Because the idea was so simple and yet it explains all design in the universe. I would say not just biological design but all of the design that we think of as human design. It's all just the same thing happening. What did Darwin say? I know you know the idea natural selection but let me just paraphrase the origin of species 1859 in a few sentences. What Darwin said was something like this. If you have creatures that vary and that can't be doubted, I've been to the Galapagot and I've mentioned the size of the beaks and the size of the turquoise shells and so on and a hundred pages later. And if there is a struggle for life such that nearly all of these creatures die and this can't be doubted, I've read Malthus and I've calculated how long it would take for elephants to cover the whole world if they bred unrestricted and so on and so on and another hundred pages later. And if the very few that survive pass on to their offspring whatever it was that helped them survive then those offspring must be better adapted to the circumstances in which all this happened than their parents were. You see the idea if if if then he had no concept of the idea of an algorithm but that's what he described in that book and this is what we now know as the evolution of the algorithm. The principle is you just need those three things, variation selection and heredity and as Dan then it puts it if you have those then you must get evolution or design out of chaos without the aid of mind. There's one word I love on that slide what do you think my favorite word is? Chaos no. What? Mind no. No not without. Try the more in order. Mast, at, must. Mast, must. This is what makes it so amazing. You don't need a designer or a plan or foresight or anything else. If there's something that is copied with variation and it's selected then you must get designer peering out of nowhere. You can't stop it.