 conflict resolution. And I think perhaps somewhere in our history we sort of divided our life up into lots of parts. We divided our world up with lots of categories. And so everything sort of has a place that it has to fit. But I don't think we were that way initially. There are many people who think that the animal world is hardwired and that there's something very very special about man. Maybe it's his ability to have causal thought. Maybe it's something special in his brain that allows him to have language. Maybe it's something special in his brain that allows him to make tools or have mathematics. Well I don't know. There were Tasmanians who were discovered around the 1600s and they had no fire. They had no stone tools. To our knowledge they had no music. So when you compare them to the binobo. The binobo was a little hairier. He doesn't stand quite as upright but there are a lot of similarities. And I think that as we look at culture we kind of come to understand how we got to where we are. And I don't really think it's in our biology. I think we've attributed to our biology but I don't really think it's there. So what I want to do now is introduce you to a species called the binobo. This is Conzi. He's the binobo. Right now he's in a forest in Georgia. His mother originally came from a forest in Africa and she came to us when she was just at puberty about six or seven years of age. Now this shows a binobo on your right and the chimpanzee on your left. Clearly the chimpanzee has a little bit harder time of walking. The binobo although shorter than us and their arms still longer is more upright just as we are. This shows the binobo compared to an Australopithecine like Lucy. As you can see there's not a lot of difference between the way of anobo walks and the way in early Australopithecine would have walked. As they turn forth as you'll see that the pelvic area of early Australopithecines is a little flatter and doesn't have to rotate quite so much inside the side. So the gate, the bipedal gate is a little easier and now we see all four. The biopinobo lives in central Africa in the jungle encircled by the Congo River. Hanapid trees as tall as 40 meters 130 feet grow densely in the area.