 I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room. I'm going to go to the next room, I'm going to go to the next room. Prawns were used to doing it, but theıng aconikto test ночyva as part of the continuar 8603 an overwhelmingwaiting , Assumption automonism a big one I'm John M. True and I am I'm not a dancer I'm not a choreographer. I'm actually a filmmaker Storyteller. I directed a movie two years ago called step up to the streets anybody anybody. Yeah During that movie I got to meet a ton of hip-hop dancers amazing the best in the world and they brought me into a society the sort of underground street culture that blew my mind. I mean it's literally Human beings with super human strength and abilities they could fly in the air they could bend their elbow all the way back They could spin on their heads for 80 times in a row I've never seen anything like that when I was growing up my heroes with people like Fred Astaire Gene Kelly Michael Jackson. I grew up in a musical family And those guys who are like ultimate heroes being a shy little skinny Asian kid growing up in the Silicon Valley With low self-esteem those guys maybe believe in something bigger those guys maybe want to like I'm gonna do that moonwalk at that bar Miss but tonight for that girl that's And it seems like those dancers who are supposed to appear sort of relegated to the background of pop stars music videos, but after seeing what I've seen The truth is they have not disappeared at all. They're here Getting better better every day and dance has progressed is insane what dances right now Dance has never had a better friend than technology online videos and social networking dancers have created a whole global laboratory online Of dance work kids in Japan are taking moves from YouTube video created in Detroit building on it within days And releasing a new video while teenagers in California are taking the Japanese video and remixing it with a fairly flared to create a whole new dance Style in itself and this is happening every day And from these bedrooms and living rooms and garages with cheap webtams Lies the world's great dancers of tomorrow our Fred Astaire's our gene Kelly's our Michael Jackson's are right at our fingertips and may not have that opportunity Except for us. So we created the LSD Sort of a religion of extraordinary dancers adjust this league of dancers that believe in