 seeing some forms of cancer, anything of smoking, those are all behaviors where people know what they're supposed to do, right? They know what they're supposed to be doing, but they're not doing it. Now behavior changes something that is a long-standing problem in medicine. It goes all the way back to Aristotle. And doctors hate it, right? I mean, they complain about it all the time. We talk about it in terms of engagements or noncompliance when people don't take their pills, when people don't follow doctor's orders. These are behavior problems. But for as much as clinical medicine kind of agonizes over behavior change, it does not a lot of work done in terms of trying to fix that problem. So the crux that it comes down to this notion of decision making, giving information to people in a form that doesn't just kind of educate them or inform them, but actually leads them to make better decisions, better choices in their lives. One part of medicine though has faced the problem of behavior change pretty well. That's dentistry. Dentistry might seem, and I think it is, many dentists would have to acknowledge it's somewhat of a mundane backwater of medicine, not a lot of cool, sexy stuff happening in dentistry, but they have really taken this problem of behavior change and solved it. It's the one great, preventive health success we have in our health care system. People brush and floss their teeth, right? They don't do it as much as they should, but they do it. So I'm going to talk about one experiment that the dentist in Connecticut cooked up about 30 years ago. This is an old experiment, but it's a really good one because it was very simple, so it's an easy story to tell. These Connecticut dentists decided they wanted to try to get people to brush their teeth and floss their teeth more often, and they were going to use one variable. They wanted to scare them. They wanted to tell them how bad it would be if they didn't brush and floss their teeth. They divided, they had a big patient population, divided them up into two groups. They had a low-fear population where they basically gave them a 13-minute presentation, all based in science, but told them that if you didn't brush and floss your teeth, you could get gum disease, if you get gum disease, you'll lose your teeth, but you'll get dentures and it won't be that bad. So that was a low-fear group. The high-fear group, they laid it on really thick, all right? They showed blood gums, they showed hip-husts kind of oozing out from between the teeth. They told them that their teeth were going to fall out. They said that they could have infections that would spread from their jaws to other parts of their bodies, and ultimately, yes, they would lose their teeth, they would get dentures. And if you got dentures, you weren't going to be able to eat corn in the cob, you weren't going to be able to eat apples, you weren't going to be able to eat steak, you'll eat mush for the rest of your life. So go brush and floss your teeth, all right? That was the message. That was the experiment. Now they measured one other variable. They wanted to capture one other variable, which was the patient's sense of efficacy. This was the notion of whether the patients felt that they actually would go ahead and brush their floss their teeth. So they after my at the beginning, do you think you'll actually be able to stick with this program? And people who said, yeah, yeah, I'm pretty good about that. They