 The oceans, more and more reports, are predicting that the kinds of seeds that we're creating will be conducive to low energy type of animals, like jellyfish and bacteria. And this might be the kind of seeds we're headed for. Now jellyfish are strangely hypnotic and beautiful, and you'll see lots of gorgeous ones at the aquarium on Friday. But they sting like hell. And jellyfish sushi and sashimi is just not going to fill you up. About 100 grams of jellyfish equals four calories. So it may be good for the waistline, but it probably won't keep you satiated very long. So, and a sea that's just filled in teeming with jellyfish isn't very good for all the other creatures that live in the oceans. That is unless you eat jellyfish. And this is a voracious predator launching a sneak attack on this poor little unsuspecting jellyfish there by the wind sailor. And that predator is the giant ocean sunfish, the mole mole. Whose primary prey are jellyfish. This animal is in the Guinness World Book of Records for being the world's heaviest bony fish reaches up to almost 5,000 pounds. On a diet of jellyfish, primarily. And I think it's kind of a nice little cosmological convergence here that the mole mole, its common name is sunfish. That its favorite food is the moon jelly. So it's kind of nice, the sun and the moon getting together this way. Even if one is eating the other. Now this is typically how you see sea sunfish. This is where they get their common name. They like to sunbathe. They can't blame them, they just lay out on the surface of the sea. And most people think they're sick or lazy. But that's the typical behavior. They lie out and bask on the surface. Their other name, mole mole, is it sounds Hawaiian, but it's actually Latin for Milestone. And that's attributable to their roundish, very bizarre cut off shape. It's as if as they were growing they just forgot the tail part. And that's actually what drew me to the mole in the first place was this terribly bizarre shape. You know, you look at sharks and they're streamlined and they're slute. And you look at tuna and they're like torpedoes. They just give away their agenda. They're about migration and strength. And then you look at the sun. And this is just so elegantly mysterious. It really kind of holds its card a lot tighter than say a tuna. So I was just intrigued with what is this animal story? Well as with anything in biology, nothing really makes sense except in the light of evolution.