 head, port park, in the UK government blog that, oh, I've just got some raw data. Here it is. It's about bicycle accidents. Two days it took, the times online to make a map, a mashable map, recall these things, mashups, a mashup, user interface without you to go in there and have a look and find out whether your bicycle route to work was affected. Here's more data traffic survey data again, put that back to the UK government and because they put it up using the link data standards, then I use it for just make a map, just by taking the state of effect things like this. Get back to 2008, look, veins fill a higher. Here's Math Lawyer made, put it on a water park, see which houses are there, which houses have been connected to the water and he got from other data sources information to a show which houses are occupied by white people. Well, there was too much of a correlation in felt between which houses are occupied by white people and which has had water in the judge was not impressed. I don't judge, not impressed, tune of 10.9 million dollars. That's power of taking one piece of data, another state of putting it together and showing the result. Let's look up some data from the UK now, this is UK government data, completely independent site, where does my money go, allows anyone to go there and borrow down, borrow down by a particular type of spending or you can go through all the different regions and compare them. So that's happening in the UK. Did you take government data? Yes, certainly you can do it over here. Here's a site, which allows you to look at recovery spending in California and take an arbitrary example, long beach California, you can go and have a look at what recovery money that you've been spending on different things, such as energy. In fact, this is the graph of the number of datasets in the repositories at date.gov and data.gov.uk and I'm delighted to see a great competition through the UK and blue in the US and red. How can you use this stuff? Well, for example, if you have lots of data about places, you can take it from a post-cale, which is like a ZEPPASS4, for a specific group of houses, you can make print off paper, which has got very, very specific things about the bus stops, the things specifically in the EU. Larger scale, this is a mashup of the data, which was released about the Afghan elections. It allows you to take your own criteria for what sort of things you want to look at. The red circles are polling stations selected by your criteria. And then you can set also other things on the map to see what other factors like the threat level. So that was government data. I also talked about community generated. In fact, I edited this is the wiki map, this is the open street map. Terrestrial, I actually put on the map and wasn't in the map before Ted last year. I was not the only person editing the open street map. Each flash on this visualization put together by ITO world shows an edit from 2009 made to the open street map. Let's not spin the world during the same year. Every flash is net. Somebody somewhere looking at the open street map and realizing it could be better.