 I need you to turn that piece of paper over, you should find it's blank on the other side. Okay, and grab this should be a pencil and I want you to pick somebody that sat next to you. And when I start, when I say go, you've got 30 seconds to draw your neighbour. Okay, so everybody ready? Okay, off you go, you've got 30 seconds, you better be fast. Come on, those masterpieces. Okay, stop. Alright, now, yes. Lots of laughter. Yeah, exactly. Lots of laughter, quite a bit of embarrassment. Am I hearing a few sorries? I think I'm hearing a few sorries. Yeah, yeah, I think I'm probably out. And that's exactly what happens every time you do this without us. And McKin found this every time he did it to the students, he got exactly the same response. Lots and lots of sorries. And he would point at this out as evidence that we fear the judgment of our peers. And that we're embarrassed about kind of showing our ideas to people we think of as our peers, to those around us. And that this fear is what causes us to be conservative in our thinking. So we might have a wild idea, but we're afraid to share it with anybody else. Okay, so if you try the same exercise with kids, they have no embarrassment at all. They just quite happily show their masterpiece to whoever wants to look at it. But as they learn to become adults, they become much more sensitive to the opinions of others. And they lose that freedom and they do start to become embarrassed. And in studies of kids playing, it's been shown time after time that kids who feel secure, who are in a kind of trusted environment, they're the ones that feel most free to play. And if you're starting a design firm, let's say, then you probably also want to create a place where people have the same kind of security, where they have the same kind of security to take risks, maybe have the same kind of security to play. Before founding an idea, David said that what he wanted to do was to form a company where all the employees are my best friends. Now that wasn't just self indulgence. He knew that friendship is a shortcut to play. And he knew that it gives us a sense of how to play.