 the campers would go to a pond where they had floating docks. We could jump off the end of the deep end. I was born premature, I was always very small, my left lung had collapsed, I was born, and I'd always had points to come. So water was something that scared me to begin with, but I would go in on occasion. And on one particular day, the campers were jumping through inner tubes and diving through inner tubes. And I thought this would be great fun. So I dove through the inner tube and the bully of the camp grabbed my ankles. And I tried to come up for air and my lower back hit the bottom of the air. And I went wild-eyed and I thought I was going to die. And the camp counts unfortunately came over, separated us. And from that point onward, I was terrified of this one. And that is something that I did not get over. And my inability to swim has been one of my greatest humiliations and embarrassments. And that is when I realized that I was not the criminal. But there's a happy ending to this story. At age 31, it's my age now. In August, I took two weeks to re-examine swimming and question all of the obvious aspects of swimming. And went from swimming one lap to 20 yards like a drowning monkey at about 200 beats per minute heart rate. I measured it to going two months off along Highland, close to where I grew up. And jumping to the ocean, swimming one kilometer open water, getting out and feeling better than when I went in. And I came out my speedos European style. Feeling like the incredible Hulk. And that's what I want everyone in here to feel, the incredible Hulk at the end of his presentation. More specifically, I want you to feel like you're capable of becoming an excellent, long distance swimmer and world-class language learner and a tango champion. And I would like to share my art, if I have an art, it's deconstructing things that really scared me, loving hell out. So, moving on. Swimming, first principles. First principles, this is very important. I find that the best results in life are often held back by false constructs and untested assumptions. And the turnaround in swimming came when a friend of mine said, I will go a year without any stimulants. This is a six-double espresso per day type of guy. If you can complete a one kilometer open water race. So, the clock started ticking. I started seeking out triathletes because I found that lifelong swimmers often couldn't teach what they did. And I tried kickboards. My feet would slice through the water like razors. I wouldn't even move. I would leave demoralized, staring at my feet, hand paddles, everything. Even did lessons with the limbids. Nothing helped. And then Chris Sockah, who is now a dear friend of mine, had completed an Iron Man with 103 degree temperature, said, I have the answer to your prayers. And he introduced me to the work of the man in Terry Locklin, who is founder of Total Immersion Swimming. And that's...