 $50 billion globally today and it shows no sign of slowing down. This four years time, it's estimated it'll be worth over $80 billion. That's about three times the recorded music industry. This is pretty stunning, but I don't think it's the most telling statistic of all. The thing that really amazes is that today, people spend about $8 billion real dollars a year buying virtual items that only exist inside video games. This is screenshot in the virtual game world and Tropio Universe. Earlier this year, a virtual asteroid in it sold for $330,000 real dollars. And this is a Titan class ship in the Space Game Eve Online. And this virtual object takes 200 root people, about 56 days of real time to build, plus countless thousands of hours of effort before that. And yet many of these get built. Good the other one to the scale, game Farmville, you may well have heard of, has 70 million players around the world. Most of these players playing it almost every day. This may all sound really quite alarming to some people, an index something worrying or wrong in society. But we're here for the good news. And the good news is that I think we can explore why this very real human effort, this very intense generation of value is occurring. And by answering that question, I think we can take something extremely powerful away. And I think the most interesting way to think about how this is going on is in terms of rewards. And specifically it's in terms of the very intense emotion rules that playing games offers to people both individually and collectively. Now, look at what's going on in someone's head when they are being engaged. Two quite different processes are occurring. On the one hand, there's the wanting process. This is a bit like ambition, drive. I've got to do that in a little work hard. On the other hand, there's the liking process, farm and affection and delight. In an enormous flying beast we've been all come back. It's a really great image. It's pretty cool. It's from the game world of World of Warcraft. More than 10 million players globally. One of whom is me, another of whom is my wife. And this kind of reward, this vast flying beast you can ride around, shows why games are so very good at doing both the wanting and the like. Because it's very powerful. It's pretty awesome. You can use great powers. Your ambition is satisfied. But it's very beautiful. It's a very great pleasure to fly around. And so these combined all the very intense emotional engagement. But this isn't the really interesting stuff. The really interesting stuff.