 I'm say 600 years ago. How would you do it? Well, the way you would do it is by using a device that's called an asteroid. So an asteroid is relatively unknown in today's world, but at the time, the 13th century, it was the gadget of the day. It was the world's first popular computer, and it was a device that in fact is a model of the sky. So the different parts of the asteroid in this particular type, the reach corresponds to the position of the stars, the plate corresponds to a coordinate system, and the major has some scales and puts it all together. If you were an educated child, you would know how to not only use the asteroid, you would also know how to make an asteroid. And we know this because the first treatise on the asteroid, the first technical manual in the English language, was written by Jeffrey Chaucer. Yes, that Jeffrey Chaucer in 1391 to his little Lewis, his 11-year-old son. And in this book, little Lewis would know the big idea. And the central idea that makes this computer work is this thing called stereographic projection. And basically, the concept is, how do you represent the three-dimensional image of the night sky that surrounds us onto a flat, portable two-dimensional surface? The idea is actually relatively simple. Imagine that the Earth is at the center of the universe and surrounding it is the sky projected onto a sphere. Each point on the surface of the sphere is mapped through the bottom pole onto a flat surface where it's then recorded. So the North Star corresponds to the center of the device, the ecliptic, which is the path of the sun, moon, and planets correspond to an offset circle. The bright star is corresponding to little daggers on the reed, and the altitude corresponds to the plate system. Now, the real genius of the asteroid is not just the projection. The real genius is that it brings together two coordinate systems so they fit perfectly. There's the position of the sun moon and planets on the movable reeds, and then there's their location on the sky is seen from a certain latitude on the back plate. So how would you use this device? Well, let me first back up for moment. This is an asteroid. It's pretty impressive, isn't it? And so this asteroid is on loan from us from the Oxford School of Museum of History. And you can see the different components. This is the mater, the scales on the back. This is the reed to see that that's the movable part of the sky. And in the back, you can see a spider web pattern. And that spider web pattern corresponds to the local coordinates in the sky. This is a rule device, and on the back are some other devices, measuring tools, and the scales to be able to make some calculations. OK.