 If skydiving I went on to a free flying. Free flying is more than three-dimensional skydiving. You can see the skydiver with the red suit. He is in a standard position. The one with the yellow green suit is flying head-bound. And that's me in the background, carving around the whole formation. In freefall also with the helmet cam to film this jump. From free flying I went on to skydiving. Skydiving with a forward on the feet. And you can imagine with this big surface of a skydiving board, there's a lot of force, a lot of power. And of course I can use this power, for example, for nice spinning we call it helicopter moves. And from there I went on to vingsuit flying. Vingsuit flying is a suit that I can make fly just only with my body. If I put some tension on my body, tension on my suit, I can make it fly. And as you see, the fall rate is much, much slower because of the bigger surface. With a proper party position I am able to really move forward to gain quite some distance. This is a jump I did in Rio de Janeiro. You can see the gopacabana on the left hand side. And from there, with all the skills and knowledge from paragliding and all the different disciplines in skydiving I went on to base jumping. Base jumping is skydiving from fixed objects, like buildings and tennis, bridges, and earth, meaning mountains, cliffs. It's for sure for me it's the ultimate feeling of being in free fall with all the ritual references. So my goal soon was to discover new places nobody had jumped before. So in some of 2000 I was the first to base jump the iconol face in Switzerland. Two years after this I was the first to base jump from Matahorn, very famous mountain that probably everybody knows in here. 2005 I did a base jump from the Eiger from the Monk and from the Jungfrau, three very famous mountains in Switzerland. And the special thing on these three jumps was I hide them all and climb them all in only one day. And 2008 I jumped the Eiffel Tower in Paris. So with all this knowledge I also wanted to get into stunts. So with some friends we started to do different tricks. Like for example this jump here, jump from a paraglider or here everybody was free.