 language after all. And I am fine. After this presentation here at Ted, I can simply go back to Switzerland and then you have to go on talking like this all the time. So I've been asked by the organizers to reach from my book. It's called Tiding of Art and it's, as you can see, it's more or less a picture book. So the reading would be over very quickly. But since I'm here at Ted, I actually decided to hold my talk here in a more modern way in the spirit of Ted here and I managed to do some slides here for you. I'd like to show them around so we can just, you know, actually I managed to prepare for you some enlarged pictures even better. So I'm tidying up arch. I mean, I have to say that's a relatively new term. You won't be familiar with it. I mean, I, it's a hobby of mine that I've been indulging in for the last few years and it all started out with this picture of the American artist Donald Bacchairn. I had hanging at home. I had to look at it every day and after a while. I just couldn't stand the mess anymore. This guy was looking at all day long. Yeah, I kind of, I kind of felt sorry for him and it seemed to me even he felt really bad facing these unorganized red squares day off today. So I decided to give him a little less support and brought some order into neatly stacking the blocks on top of each other. Yeah. Yeah, and I think I think he looks now less miserable and it was great with this, with this experience, I started to look more closely at modern art and I realized how, you know, the world of modern art is particularly topsy-turvy. And I can show here a very good example. It's actually a simple one, but it's a good one to start with. It's a picture by Paul Cray. And we can see here very clearly. It's a confusion of color. Yeah, the artist, the artist doesn't really seem to know where to put the different colors. The, the various pictures here of the various elements of the picture. The whole thing is unstructured. We don't know, Mr. Clay was probably in a hurry. I mean, maybe, maybe he had to catch a plane or something. I mean, we can see here he started out with orange and then he already run out of orange. And here we can see he decided to take a break for a square. And I would like to show you here my tidy up version of this picture. And we can, we can see now what was barely recognizable in the original 17 red and orange squares are chucks the post with just two green squares. Yeah, that's great. So I mean, that's just tidying up for beginners. I would