 permutations and combinations of brain activity exceeds the number of elementary particles in universe. So how do you go about studying the brain? One approach is to look at patients who have lesions in different parts of the brain and study changes in their behavior. This is what I spoke about in the last 10. Today I'll talk about a different approach which is to put electrodes in different parts of the brain and actually recall the activity of individual nerve cells in the brain and sort of eavesdrop on the activity of nerve cells in the brain. Now one recent discovery that has been made by researchers in Italy and Pana, a Yakumor Ritsilati in his colleagues, is a group of neurons called mirror neurons which are in the front of the brain in the frontal lobes. Now it turns out that neurons which are called ordinary motor command neurons in the front of the brain, which have been known for over 50 years, these neurons will fire when a person performs a specific action. For example, if I do that and reach and grab an apple, I'm going to the command neuron in the front of my brain will fire. If I reach out and pull an object, another neuron will fire, commanding me to pull my pull that object. These are called motor command neurons that have been known for a long time. What Ritsilati farm was a subset of these neurons, maybe about 20% of them, will also fire when I'm looking at somebody else performing the same action. So here's a neuron that fires when I reach and grab something, but it also fires when I watch Joe reaching and grabbing something. This is truly astonishing because as though this neuron is adopting the other person's point of view. It's almost as if it's performing a virtual reality simulation of the other person's action. Now, what is the significance of these neuron's? For one thing, there must be involved in things like imitation and emulation because to imitate a complex act requires my brain to adopt the other person's point of view. So this is important for imitation and emulation. But why is that important? But let's take a look at the next slide. So how do you imitation? Why is imitation important? Meringue neurons, imitation emulation. Now let's look at culture, the phenomenon of human culture. If you go back in time about 75,000,000 years ago, let's look at human evolution, it turns out there's something very important happened around 75,000 years ago. And that is, there's a sudden emergence and rapid spread for a number of skills that unique to human beings, like tool use, use of fire, use of shelters, and of course language, and the ability to read somebody else's mind and interpret that person's behavior, all of that happened relatively quickly. Even though the human brain had achieved its present size almost 300,000 or 400,000 years ago, 100,000 years ago, all of this happened very, very quickly. And I claimed that what happened was the sudden emergence of sophisticated mirror neuron system, which allowed you to emulate other people's actions. So that when there was a sudden accidental discovery by one member of the group, say, use of fire or a particular type of tool. Instead of dying out, the spread rapidly horizontally because of population, or was transmitted vertically down the generations. So this made evolution suddenly Lamarkey instead of Darwinian. Darwinian evolution is slow, takes hundreds of thousands of years.