 cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. This is a bird. What kind of culture would produce a product of this kind and then label it and sell it to children? I think we have a design problem. Someone heard six hours of talk that I gave. I called them on a show of dialogues and NPR and sent me this. So thank you, notice. We realize the design is a little bit of tension but it also has to occur within the world. We have to understand that world in order to be our designs with inherent intelligence. So as we look back at the basic state of affairs in which we design. We in a way need to go to the country to understand our main system and the same conditions of a planet. And I think the exciting part of that is the good news. The news is the new little buckets and the news remains. I think those are cultured, of course you themselves. The stories and the stories over Linux and CER. We can add some of the most of the abundance that is broken. We can get some of that stuff. It's like the imagination of that we love to share. It's a nice thing to get. That was one sentence. Henry James would be proud. I put it down at the bottom but that was extremely obvious. The fundamental issue is that for me design is the first signal of human intentions. So what are our intentions? What would our intentions be if we wake up in the morning? They have designs on the world? What would our intentions be as a species? Now that we're the dominant species. And it's not a stewardship and dominion debate because really dominion is implicit. It's a stewardship because how can you dominate something you'd kill? It's a stewardship and implicit dominion because you can't be steward of something. You can't dominate it. The question is what is the first question for designers? Guardians, let's say the state for example, which reserves the right to kill, right to be duplicitous. The question we're asking regarding it. This point is we meant how our arguments to your local society is creating real peace and saving the environment. But I don't know if that's the kind of debate. Commerce on the other hand is relatively quick. Essentially creative, highly effective and efficient and fundamentally honest because we can't exchange value for very long if we don't trust each other. So we use the tools of commerce primarily for our work. But the question we bring to it is how