 people coming to the game to sound her, but I really think of these things more as toys, but I started getting very interested in Marie Montessori and her methods and the kind of way she went about things and the way she thought very valuable for kids to kind of discover things on her own rather than being taught these things just kind of overtly. And she would design these toys where kids in playing with the toys would actually come to understand these deep principles of life and nature through play. And since they discovered those things, it really stuck with them so much more. And also they would experience their own failures. It was a failure-based aspect to learning there. It was very important. And so the games that I do, I think of really more as modern Montessori toys. And I really kind of want them to be presented in a way where kids can kind of explore and discover their own principles. So a few years ago, I actually started getting very interested in the setting program. And that's kind of the way I work is I get interested in different kind of subjects I dive in, I research them, and then I try to figure out how to path the toy around that so that other people can kind of experience the same sense of discovery that I did is I was learning that subject. And it kind of led me to anthropology, which is the study of possible life in the universe. And then Drake's equation, which is the probability of life over rising on planets, how long might last. How many planets are out there, stuff like that. And I started looking at how interesting Drake's equation was because it's spent all these different subjects, you know, physics, chemistry, sociology, economics, astronomy. And another thing that really impressed me a long time ago was the powers of 10, Charles and Ray Eams film. And I started kind of putting those two together and wondering, can I build a toy where kids you can kind of trip across all these interesting principles of life, you know, as it exists and as it might go in the future, things where you might kind of trip across things like the community and principle, the Fermi paradox, the anthropic principle, the origin of life. And so I'm going to show you a toy today that we're working on that really I think of more than anything else as kind of a philosophy toy. And playing this toy, do you kind of, does it bring up philosophical questions in you? This game's called sport, we're going to put so many years, it's getting pretty close to a finish now. It occurs at all these different scales, first of all, from very, very small, very, very large. I'm just going to pop in at the start of the game and you actually start this game kind of in a drop of water, it's a very, very small, single cell creature. And right off the back, you basically just have to live, survive, reproduce. So here we are, we're very kind of microscopic scale, swimming around. And I actually realized it's also on him eyes, but it helps to make it cute. The player is actually going to play through every generation of the species. And as you play the game, the creature is actually growing bit by bit. And as we start growing, we can't roll, actually start zooming out. And things that you see kind of in the background there will actually start slowly pulling into the foreground, showing you a little bit of what you'll be interacting with, as you grow. So as we eat, the camera starts pulling out. And now we start interacting with kind of larger larger organisms. Now, we actually play through many generations here at the Sodor scale. I'm going to skip ahead here. At some point we get larger, and we actually get kind of macroevalent scale. Now, at this point, we're actually leaving water. And one thing that's kind of important about this game is that at every level, the player is kind of designing their creature. And that's kind of a fun thing.