 This is the poster of ladies who are blogging. This is the natural poster of a man sitting squatting for ventilation purposes. And this is the natural poster of a standing man and I think this picture inspired Chris to insert into the lateral thinking session. This is my blogging poster sitting. And the result is for greater comfort, Managerly sit with the elect's father or father and woman when walking on laptop. However, they will adopt the less natural poster in order to balance it on their laps, which result in a significant rise of body heat between their thighs. This is the issue of local warming. This is a very serious newspaper. It's times of England very serious. This is a very... Gentlemen, my name is B.C. This is a very serious research that you should read the underlying... ...and be careful your genes are in danger. Will geeks become endangered species? The fat population growth in countries with high laptop... ...I read that swathlings to give me a drop. Global warming for... ...but let's keep sitting proportion. How to take care in 5 easy steps? First of all, you can use natural ventilation. You can use body breeze. You should stay cool with the appropriate clothing. You should care about your poster. This is not right. Can you extract from a recent other mini-tener half for me? Because I have a video I have to show you. You are great! This is the correct poster, another benefit of Wi-Fi. We learned yesterday about the benefits of Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi enabled you to avoid the process. There are some enhanced protection measures which I would like to show you. I would like in a minute to thank Philips for helping. This is a research which was in 1986 but is still valid. Scrotum temperature reflects the natural temperature and is lowered by shaving. By the way, I must admit my English is not so good. I didn't know what is scrotum. I understand it's a scrotum. I guess it's scrotum. Like medium and medium. Digital scrotum, digital medium. And only last year I recognized that I am a proud scrotum owner. And this research is being dissipated by the US government. So you can see that your tax money is working for good causes. The Philips bodygroom has a sleeve.