 what we love and what we believe in. And so I took the two things, I fused together, the two things I love the most, which was skiing and windsurfing. Those are pretty good escapes from the drab weather and so on. So I created this compilation of the two. I took my skis and I took a board, and I put a mass foot in there and some foot straps and some metal pins. And here I was sort of going really fast on frozen lakes. It was really a desk trap. I mean, it was incredible. It worked incredibly well, but it was really dangerous. And I realized that I had to go to design school. I mean, look at those graphics there. So I went to design school. And it was the early 90s when I finished. And I saw something extraordinary happening in Silicon Valley. So I wanted to be there. So the computer was sort of coming into our homes that it had to change in order to sort of be with us in our homes. And so I got myself a job and I was working for consultancy. And we would get into these meetings and these managers would come in. And they would say, well, what we're going to do here is really important. And they would give the project's code names, mostly from Star Wars, actually. Things like C3PO, Yoda, Luke. So in anticipation, I would be the see-on designer in the back of the room. And I would raise my hand and ask questions. I mean, retrospect, probably stupid questions. But things like, what's this cap lock key for? This num lock key for? That thing. Do people really use it? Do they really need it? Do they want it in their homes? What I realized then is they didn't really want to change sort of legacy stuff. They didn't want to change the insides. They were really looking for us, the designers, to create the skins, to sort of put the outside, to create some pretty stuff outside of the box. And I didn't want to be a colorist. It wasn't what I wanted to do. I didn't want to be a stylist in this way. And then I saw this quote, advertising is a price company's pay for being unoriginal. So I had to start on my own. So I moved to San Francisco, and I started a little company, a few projects. And what I wanted to work on is important stuff. And I wanted to really not just work on the skins, but I wanted to work on the entire human experience. And so the first projects were sort of humble, but they took technology and maybe made it into work.