 Well, I think maybe one of the stories is that a friend of mine said that she knew this fellow who had just left the seminary. He'd been a student priest and he left the seminary and he didn't really have a lot of friends that were still around because he'd been there for a couple of years. And so she said she wanted me to have a date with him. And I said, OK, I'll try that. Well, that was Bob and he's known my husband for almost 50 years. Yeah. Well, mostly housework, cleaning up and feeding the cat and cleaning up the cat's ship. Then I try to do at least a 5 kilometer walk every day, except in the snow and the freezing rain. But I do, my walk is my real passion for each day. And then I do housework or family stuff or whatever. And then I try to unpack because I still got a lot of boxes that are still on the box. And I'm discovering treasures that I forgot I owned or had, like things from my family family. Right. And stuff. So, great. Yeah. You're so nice. I keep busy. One of my kids is allergic to nuts, so we never had peanut butter. Well, I guess I would just do toast to bread, to slices of bread, and then put some peanut butter on each side, and then put the jelly in the middle and put them together. So the kid kicks the soccer ball and hits the window. And it goes through the window. And the guy is sitting right by the window in his chair. And he goes to the window and tries to see what was through the soccer ball. So, when he has an umbrella and the kid is asking about the umbrella. And then he goes outside. And it's poor, he's raining. And he's in the rain. And he comes back in and he's soaking wet and he's mad. So he goes back out and see him growling in the rain. Oh. This girl is upset because her cat is up in the tree. And I guess the father tried to get the go to the tree and get the cat. But somehow the ladder didn't quite work. And the dog is barking at the father. And somebody's called the fire fighters to get them off the road of the tree. Nope. The tour bus is coming into the town to pick up the people from the hotel to take them swimming. Bad weather was caused by long airs and delays. I'm just going to hear some of the sentences are hilarious.