 Yes, I can remember at least when I was on eight years of age, going to primary school was nominated, which is great. The second World War had started, so happened that my eight-month-old was a military officer. So we were used to go to school and we had military campers, but it's just like from your own wisdom. I mean, so like in the evenings of the school, I used to take a walk of therapy with a coordinator, and that's what I was talking about. So because you know that I was a commoner, he encouraged me to join up in the camp being to help out with the prisoners that they have, because they had the Germans in one camp, the Jews in one camp, the Chains in one camp, and I forgot what it was, but they have at least six camps in the barracks. And so I was assigned open to distributed foods, different barracks. So I did it at Strasselbyk, and during the course of doing that, I noticed in what camp that there was a lot of fighting going on, because there are all the Haitians in one camp in the barracks. There was a lot of fighting going on. So I reported to him that something is wrong, I said, oh, because something is wrong. But people in that camp is fighting, fighting. He says, fighting. He says, yeah, they're fighting. So, they were okay. And when I went back, literally the people that were fighting now, Frederick's work was normally I go to the same time. So when I went back, he said to me, you know you were right. They were fighting, and they were really, really fighting, because a lot of them got scratched up in things of that sort. What happens is that they had the Chinese and Japanese one camp. And nobody knew that they were like each other. And why they were in the camp was because the government had issued an automatic coming from the British government. And all the Asians had to be welded up. And we were high was living, born in where I was living. A lot of the Asians were dead. They were going to get a lawn for shops and grocery shops and things of that sort. So anyway, as I said, he did it because they were fighting. And it was because they were different type of Asian group. So I went home and I was telling my mom and dad about it. And I said, I don't know. When that secret of time was a week or a month or whatever, we were living here. And this is the main street. And on the other side, there was a Chinese grocery shop. But the rest of my money was doing a grocery shop. So if we needed a salt, my money said, just go over and get a salt. Yeah, it's free. So this day in question, I was home. And I just hear a commotion outside and the government and by the time I look around, the door was half inches. Because this Chinese man, he was the only person who didn't have any other religious or illogical hand. He came in and hit the door off. And what he was looking for was some way to escape to because the police and the military was hunting him down. So he ran one of my mother's bed. And we kept him the other six months. I started the factory. Then he left. Actually, I didn't really went back to his shop. It was close. I don't know what happened when we didn't see him again. So then they left the van, routing up the population people. And I just went back to school normally and finished up at school. And then went on to... I don't know if that had anything to be getting to go on a apprenticeship program, this sort of profession in the plumber with the military. I think I was a well-informed, maybe 16 or 13-year-olds. My parents was poor in that way. They said the car is in the Westernism. It doesn't exist. There's only four agro-popping that is in that middle class. So my dad was supposed to be the head plumber at the camp. The Soviet range to get beyond the apprenticeship program. So I went to the program when I spent five years with him and the apprenticeship. I gave my exam and it was short of the year after I think it was three months after that the site of Lignol. But this I've wanted, like during the week like all this school, they always send us to another school. This was like a technical school where you can learn a tech tree, tech profession and so I would go there and learn the cabinet making electrical. Whatever I wanted to do, that was a choice. So I did a variety of things there. So after a year or nothing to do, so a friend of my dad who was a cabinet maker at the military camp, he asked me to come to his home, like a weekends and help him with some cabinet making. And it helped me in a sense that now I started to make picture frames on my home. I was using this to make picture frames. My mom used to make hats and repair hats and things like clean hats, fed that in things that were here in the shop. Half of it was used to be sewing and they have a half t-end and I can rest in it. So that's where I used to put my items for safety, for picture frames, I think it was a little trading business. I made kite-scentings of that sort. So that was for a period of six months. But 15-16 months in the year. And then I heard that they wanted to come up. That is the University Hospital of Riverside. So when I went there, only to find that was of the same property with military campers in the University. So I got a job as the government for the last bit. And that was in 1955. I grew up there as a government in 1955 until 1968, where I lived and kept a camp. So that, so we're talking about 1940, 1945, up until 19, 1954, 1953, 1954. So I was informed in all those things. With the prisoners, and also with the mighty insurance and things of that sort. And then I got the job at the University of Bristol. Then I was at my own and you know, doing my own thing. I heard good money. I was reading, I'm learning to do the high-five. And I play a lot of music. I love music. For my hobbies. With beautiful everyday I go for a walk. I go for a massage every month. And I see my car practice every month. And I see my notch product every other month. I do things around the condominium. I do things around the condominium. I live there. And the owner really is out of the country. So it's difficult getting me some time. I can't wait to make a decision. So I make a decision for him and then update him later on. We have that kind of understanding. So after a day, it's late. I'm very busy. Very busy. So now I just started putting up my Christmas lights last week. I have no rush. Just take my own time and do what I can do. Because sometimes I'm limited. Limited because I'm having some after effect problem with my eyes. For my cataract surgery, which is a year ago. And according to the doctor, the surgery was successful. And the cataract surgery is yielded. But what I can understand is that from this is going back to 2014 to 2014. That's where I had the surgery. And although he said that he is not having the perfect eyesight that I had, he probably being employed in the cataract surgery. I have this clothing over my eyes. I'm able to see the way I want to see. He scheduled me like a six months to come and see him. I'm like, I just saw him last month too. And he said, this pressure on my eyes is low. And I can't tell me what is the reading of the pressure. I keep asking. I said, I range, mid range or low range. Almost a month to have pressure. I'm looking after him. So we had an e to the discussion sometime, I think. Yeah, this is very part of this year. But he wanted me to come back at it. No, I had to see him at the hospital very well. So I went there and signed and waited at the room for him. We had a patience. And my point was for one o'clock. And I was there for 30. And I reported to the secretary that so I sat there waiting. And the people keep coming, coming, coming, coming. So he came in and he said calling for certain people, name and thing of that. And I think we will run out of seven patients that included myself. And I went to the secretary and I said to him, I said, you tell him you want to get up to the chin. I just forgot. Because my point is one o'clock. And I was the first person that is here. He said, you know, Mr. Mons, that cost my mind to be at all. I was thinking, you can do me the first person here. And all these people, yes, see, because of the university outside. I said, can you pass that information on to him? So he said, yes. He still came and took the patient that was given a seven. And so I really got turned off. And I got up and went out into the hallway, heading down to where he was doing his, whatever it is. And I saw a reservation at the end. I said, Dr. Chin, I have been here from one o'clock waiting to see you. And you see all the people who were booked half to me. What is happening? Oh, I have to go. I said, you're not going, sir. I have a problem in my eyes. I said, I have to be taken out. That's why you asked me to come here. And you're telling me that you're leaving? I said, no, so you're not leaving. You are taking these seats now. Oh, come, come, come, come. So I gave my piece of my mind. You know, after the worst finish. Then you left. And as I say, you know, I've been going to see my best six months. I've been going to the special dome. Even since I came out there, my right, now it's become a little worse. You know, so I know eventually, clear, but it doesn't clear completely. I'm still having problems. Now you ask him for some drops because he had me and some drops. I saw him in a two-inch skull because he had been done in another procedure in a proper. And then he scheduled me to see him up on that. So I saw it. It's a couple weeks ago. So when I explained to you, I'm taking what I probably was having. I said, you're still having pressure. You're still having pressure. This caused the pressure. You have all medications that are taking. Could it be medication? No. No. No. So what we said. Oh, okay. I'm going to scale you this to see me in another six months. I said, six months. With the problem that I'm having, after we see you in other six months, he said, well, yes, six months. I said, I actually give me any drops. No, nothing at all. Nothing in there. Nothing at all. I said, but for enough from the time of surgery, right up until I waited had the other procedure done, you had me and drops. Yes, sometimes it helps. Sometimes it doesn't help. But my high school and water, sometimes it's just right. I need some, no. I'm not giving you any drops. I said, one is wrong. Oh, you have maybe AMD. I said, what is that? You just want to have, you know, so I just got this one coat of this office. But one intention is that I have to really take it further. I have to get some answers from somebody. I need a professor of the monitor. Why is it not correct? I just hope acting, you know, acting like this. So I suppose I have to leave with that. I mean, maybe I can make contact with somebody, giving me some better information. Being a brother, I'm just angry. But being a brother is easy. But yeah, while I have a little machine, I have a blender, both at eye, and it's a pole blender. It's so pole, I couldn't believe it. I use a pipe penance, and I shut the mode myself, whether they are mostly insulted. I'm going to put them in another blender, and it's regretted. It comes off, and that's my peer-fired partner. I do with almonds, and I use flaxseed a lot. So I buy the flaxseed, I come there and use it sometimes. I mix it with a peanut butter. You know, I take it every day. That's why I never bought peanut butter, so to speak, from a store. Yeah, it's machine for years, and it always works. Well, this is a comfort pole. I think maybe, this is the back brace, and maybe you see this, maybe it's just a gold pose. I'm excited to get a ball. It's a medical pose, but then it's a window. And, so when you kick the pole in the window, it bounces back to him, and then he realized that he booked class. So he was looking, I suppose, somewhat disappointed, or scared, or frightened. I suppose the mother is giving a child, and Braille, huh? And, the... I don't know if maybe somebody is in she might have used to taking the umbrella, but eventually she did. This possibly the mother might have thought that he was going to ring in, and that's why she is trying to give Braille the umbrella to protect herself, eventually took the umbrella, eventually bring the outside inside the ring. So I don't know if she came back and back home, and then get the umbrella. She went out with the Indian Braille and got with. And then she came back to the umbrella, and then back on the side. I suppose, I don't know if the cat in the tree belongs to this person, but anyhow, he's in the tree, he's probably trying to go for the cat. Then there was the bird, possibly he had a ladder there, but then the other person was his daughter, our child, and she had a tricycle there, and possibly the dog is his, I suppose the dog was barking, and somehow the qualified partner who come to rescue. That best I can remember, was that she she had a she went home, she was outside, playing, I think that's all it was, and she she taught, it was her grandmother, or some relative of her, was in the bed, but then something happened, when she didn't realize that it was not her grandmother, or her mother, it was a wolf, I see it was in chicloody, and she ran out of the house and she was like, to her body she was coming into the town, to pick up the people, to pick up the people, from the hotel to the southern bird, who you pick up from, a mind-so-dog and voice, so the voice that it dogs you, bad weather, it was cold, very long, clean, bad weather, clean, bad weather, sorry, we'll be going to get in here.