 Okay, well as I sit here and look out probably a quarter of a mile from here was my childhood home. And I have great memories of growing up on Cadillac Avenue. In fact after we finish here, I'm meeting a former neighbor who lived across the street and we're going to have lunch and reminisce about Cadillac Avenue. Every day is different. During the summer for instance Tuesday morning, I will be doing a fitness class. I will be doing a Tai Chi class in the afternoon. Thursday morning is another fitness class. But typically in the fall, winter and spring the days that I'm not doing fitness classes or Tai Chi, I take courses through the Life Institute which is administered by Ryerson. And it's courses for seniors. Well for me because I make peanut butter or banana sandwich open face, I take a slice of bread out of the freezer. I put it in the toaster oven. I take out the peanut butter from the refrigerator. I buy many bananas which I will peel one and cut it in half when the toast is done. I put some peanut butter on it and I lay the little bananas on them and maybe a little bit of a goddess herb. Okay well the little boy is out kicking around the soccer ball and he kicks it and it hits the window of the neighbor's house. And then on the house the sitting on his chair gets up, looks like the window is probably really pissed off. Okay so little boy, excuse me, is getting ready to go to school. And his mother wants him to carry the umbrella. But he does not and he starts walking and he feels the raindrops. So he tries to dodge the raindrops, he goes home all wet, his mother is very angry and finally leaves again with the umbrella. How did that happen? Okay. So somehow or rather the cat got up on the tree. Little girl wants to rescue the cat but her father manages to climb up the tree and the fire department has to come to rescue him because the ladder dropped and of course the dog is barking. And the birds are chirping, speedy guns on us. And the three sisters and Cinderella ends up being the maid in the house and the steps there are invited to a fancy ball by the prince Charming. And Cinderella magically finds a dress and glass slippers and goes to the ball and that the sound of midnight shinosiness out of there are two sweet and loses a slipper, a glass slipper and the prince comes and finds her and they live happily ever after.