 Just continuing on that theme with a little, yeah, the one bird who's just minutes after putting it up, we've now got residents. But the other one, which is the fancy one on a hand, the father had originally built it, and he didn't use it to do it when it all fell in hard side. It was more of work to restore it than probably to build it. Anyway, I got it all up there. I took Plummer's Puddy, which turns kind of sticky in this hot weather. So I wrapped it up in Serenam, made an impression of the tree, such that I pushed the standpipe against the puddy so that it would be horizontal. Yeah, and then I carefully took the whole thing and stuck it in my wife's freezer. I went to my neighbor and took his Chinese food tray, filled it up with cement, put my frozen puddy in the middle of it. So I made a female cavity. And then I got some old lid weights that these were balancing car tires, and I melted that down. And left of the cement was hard and pulled the puddy thing out, and I poured it in the cavity and I made a male plug. That's what I mounted the standpipe to, which holds the verticals. The boy kicks the soccer ball through the glass pane into, oh, upsetting the desk clamp in a man's living room. A man retrieves the ball, looking through the broken glass pane, presumably to identify who the culprit puts. Okay. The mother says, their mind's the girl to take her umbrella. Girls is no declines. And sure enough, it starts to rain, and she is all concerned with her hairdo. Come home, all man. Oh, returns home. All upset and reluctantly accepts the umbrella. Okay. And here is a loser who in an attempt to rescue a girl's cat from a tree has found themselves stranded and has to be rescued by the fire. Because this love is well done. Cinderella lived with her two step sisters and stepmother, actually. She had a father, she adored, the theater and her and then he passed away and then she fell under the care of this wicked stepmother. She was a stepmother, faith definitely favored her two other daughters. Cinderella was put to all the menial chores. And then in the kingdom, it was announced that the young prince was looking for a bride, and they were going to throw this big ball. And at the 11th hour, Cinderella was told, no, she couldn't go to this ball. And she was locked up in the confined by her stepmother. And all these little creatures here, the mice and all at first, the fairy dogmother came along. Clothes her in this beautiful gown and assisted by these little creatures. And then the pumpkin was turned into a coach. I forget what was turned into horses, but anyway, she went to the ball. She caught the eye of the immediately of the eye of the prince. He didn't see any other girl, the rest of the night. They danced and had a great time. But she was told by the fairy godmother that she had to be home by midnight because the spell would end at midnight, but she had cast, you know, so in Cinderella, she lost track of time. And when she heard the church bells ringing, announced that it was turning to midnight, she started, she ran out of the ball ball and leaving behind a slipper, her shoe, the class shoe. And as she was driving away, the coach changed and everything she would return to the rags on her back. The horses turned the mice, whatever. Anyway, the prince was despondent because he didn't get her a letter call number for address. So he went around the country so I tried out these slippers on all these available girls, including one day he came to Cinderella's home and tried it on her step sisters and they just wouldn't fit. And somehow a little creature's got involved and somehow brought to the tension that there was a third young maiden living there and make a lost story short. The when he found her the shoe fit and they got married and then it was happily ever after. All the fairy tales in that way. Two of us is coming into the town to pick up the people. Oh, I think there's more. You got the tour buses coming into the town to pick up the people from the hotel. The tour buses coming to pick up the people from the hotel that goes swimming bad, whether it was calm, like long airplane delay. I've so tempted to answer when you ask a question. You're tempted to answer the question. Yeah.