 Thinking back tell you a story. I have an interesting story. I have all kinds of interesting stories. I like to... I like to... Chill boy. It's tougher than I ever. Okay. Always as a youngster. Ten-year-old. I always thought of the world as my little cubicle. Don't go too far. This way, don't go too far. That way. But then when I got to bike, I always remember Christmas, because the bike was a big deal. Well, that kind of gave me freedom. So that was my first venture as an individual of getting away from everybody. And I would drive that bike all over town. And so that kind of thinking has always stayed with me. The circle, expand the circle, expand the circle, get to know your environment. And I would even go in those days, believe it or not, I watched the parkway being built. I lived over on River Street. And I can remember sitting on the hill. So now I'm a little older. And I go, oh, I'm going to go up the parkway. So I actually rode on the highways on the bike. And I was stooped enough to come with my mother. Oh, my gosh. So that was my first inclination. You don't always tell people everything. Or at least be quiet. Don't get over a maneuver. You get smacked. So it was fun. The bike really enlarged my world. And I went all over the place. And miles and miles on that bike. Up to Tom Valley and Tom Mills Road, and up to where IBM was. And this is like a tenure. Not all over the place. Unfortunately, I didn't take away the bike. Maybe the show. But I didn't tell them anymore. So there's a little story for me. A typical day now, this year has been different. And I'm trying to step back again because I don't know if you want to call it. Our thread is, or park incidents, or whatever you want to call it. But of course, with the memory thing being at the efficiency. Oh, and I know the knees are starting to go too. So walking, it's been a slow spiral. That's a story too. It's been a slow spiral down from being an athlete. Pretty good amateur athlete. To not doing very much. And so the last thing to go is just walking around the block, which was basically two miles. Because then the knees grew up. And I was walking down the knee. I always stop walking up to stairs because of the knees. Then I was walking down in the knee kind of a lot. So now I got my mobility threatened because of the knees. So I basically get up. I have a very close sit in the corner, not the corner. But I sit in the Dan. I don't really watch TV. I read book or play with the computer. Or online, or by the time. Sort of memory thing. I got to pick some. I tried languages with that wasn't going to work. It's too much. So bridge works because it's very repetitive and it's really once you get into it, it's not that complicated. And you can play with the robots. So you don't want to antagonize people. So I play bridge. You know, I get bored. I go to a meeting. And then we have little things we have to do. So that kind of a couple times a week. I do go somewhere to do something or other. And it's that simple. So now we're a little concerned because we go so the winter. And why the walking thing is, you know, I walk the paint, but that's okay. And I know my limits. I can't do much more than a mile or two miles. I do it three days in a row. And my back's going to get sore and stuff like that. So I know my limits, but they seem to come in a little tighter again because the need, not just the paint, but the need, and I actually stop it. You know, I had to, I actually went down the stairs. I'm going to lock it up. So I had to go to the, I'm on the third floor. I could flip on the tent. I'm on the third floor, and someone's waiting for me. So I actually had to go get to the elevator, go down the elevator, and go down the elevator. So I'm waiting to do it. But that's okay. Lots of people have lots of room for their thing. My finances are okay. My finances are okay. My finances are okay. You just live with it. My thing with all you guys is what I continue to ask people. Give me a timeline, but no one came. Out here what you call it. Where am I at the timeline? It's really a fact. Because I'm retired. I mean, there's no way to go to work or wouldn't work. But once again, the fact of pulling one of you, you know, you can sit at home or the next line back from that. So a person can manage it. But it's a long-term thing. Where am I on that line? So now we're talking about Parkinson's. And I read this stuff. I got a gallon head in the building. She was diagnosed with Parkinson very early. I mean, she's just got the tremor. And so I'm trying to explain to her yet that, you know, you're 73. And she's got all her faculties and mobility. And everything. It says the adage or the expression that you'll probably die something else before you die in Parkinson's. I think it applies to you. I think you had a good, you pushed your GP and they sent you to neurologist. But I think you're a way that wasn't necessary. But she's, people are funny. You know, I don't know what it is about medicine. Oh, you know, you talk to me. Oh, I don't want to talk. If you're talking about your car or grocery shop, you go on endlessly. But medicine, you want to truncate it. What you want to truncate it? If you understand it, your anxiety goes away. Because you understand it. You know what's coming. And it's coming. So why are you 73? You can't even prescribe. You know, I can look forever. I'm not going to work. You know, it's coming. And if you want to get into use in Asia, and use in Asia comes into play, and you can go with dignity, I don't want to go all this home to be crude. But I said, I don't want anybody like them like them. Really? You know what? I've been proved. But it's true. When you get to the point where you can't manage your own daily functions, you can't shower, you can't do the brushing teeth. No, I don't like that. So, so, so I try to get people to say, like, it's not a big deal. It's just another part of life. And these, I used to go to the arthritis societies, we got in life for five years. So I checked, we'll get in use in Asia, because it wasn't in those days. It's long time going. They didn't have any volunteers. So I spent a lot of time there. And I try not to go that far, because people get nervous. But these are just chronic, debilitating long-term illnesses. You got to know when would stage your act. If you can figure that out, you can say, okay, I know it's coming in, and the analogy about the, the athleticism and slowly, you know, downward spiral, it's a good analogy. It's not an analogy, it's a fact. It'll take things away from you. And if you fight it, you'll be pained. If you do it regardless, you know, I said, you want me to talk, so I hope I come too much. You can tell me quite, but I went to my doctor, and I used to play tennis. And for some reason, the analogy is that all that information, just, you know, was too much. And we get into the tournaments, and I'd play, but then the next morning, I could hardly get in the back, because my back, and so I said to the doctor, you know, what's with that? Can you give me something? He says, oh, he says, I said, well, in the morning, I'm really stiff. I get the new job. I struggle through. If I had the new job, then I'm OK. So I go play tennis. And then the next morning, I was there. He said, well, stop playing tennis. I said, but I don't want to stop playing tennis. He said, then you're going to have pain. Okay, the price, that's the price you pay. You know, I said, okay, that's a lot of help. I'd make a peanut butter and, yeah, okay, I get the bread out. I get the jam and the gelio. And I wouldn't use, I don't use butter. I'd just use jam and peanut butter. And I put the peanut butter on first. And then I put the jam on. Because the jam was thick for the peanut butter. I put the one on top. And there you go, you got to say. Sometimes I just fold one piece and a half. It's all peanut butter and jam. That's right. Okay, so junior jokes, I'd kick it around in the soccer ball and kicks it through the window. And dad's not very happy about that. But then it's going to cad in the scene. But he seems like a good sport. And I guess he's going to just accept it. That's it. So, their anticipating is kind of raining out. And some mom says, take the umbrella. And of course, he says, no, I don't need it. He steps outside and it's raining. And it's really raining and he's getting a sheet wet. And all he comes is an all wet. And when he looks at him, he didn't actually go all the way. He went back home, got the umbrella. And he's a happy little camper. All the cad in a tree story. Okay, so the little girl or cad gets up in the tree and he can't cut down. And so dad's a hero. He's going to go get the cad. And then he's going to get the ladder up, the ladder fall. Now we've got dad in the cad in the tree. So they call the fire department and they come up with the ladder. Okay, so Sandra Ralla was, I think, three ants. They made her do all the work around the house. And everybody's with little animals. But she was a good sport. And she did all the work and had to do wash the floor. That stuff in the cooking. And then they got in the house, got an invitation to go do a do dance. And so they all went and they went there. She danced with the prince charming and had a good time. But for some reason, which I can't remember, she had the leaves. So she rushed out. She left the shoe behind. Well, the prince really loved there. He went looking for her. So wherever could wear the shoe, who was the gal. Which really doesn't make sense. You should be able to look at her. But anyways, the shoe is the gimmick that identifies the gal. And the three ants try on the shoe. And to their dismay, the thousand fit. And then they put it on Sandra Ralla's foot. And it fits. And she runs off and moves the prince. And she really goes out play around. The tour bus is coming into the town to pick up the people at the hotel. To go swimming. Bad weather was caused by long hair, plenty of delays. Thanks a lot.