 Oh gosh, I don't really know. I guess maybe when we moved to Port Stanley, I mean, Japanese. So that our parents at the beginning, where I was born in Vancouver, BC, but because we were Japanese, we were all head and move from the coast inland because of a threat of whatever the Japanese might do at the time. So we moved to a place called New Denver, which was a military base apparently, because they had lots of homes there, and we were there for some time, I'm not too sure for how long. But then after that, they moved us again, and we went to a place called, let's say, Nays, which was up in Lake Superior Way, and they were just little houses again, and that was also a military location. And then we had to go again to another place, where was it? Oh, I forget now. But anyways, we moved to Port Stanley, which is on Lake Eard, because my father was a fisherman way back in Vancouver, right? So since he was a fisherman, and we had to move, we moved to Port Stanley, which there was a gentleman there who was a fisherman. Oh, no. My father was also a carpenter, and he used to build ships, or boats or ships, I guess really. So he wanted someone to build a ship for him, so we moved to Port Stanley, and we were the only Japanese family there. And we were there for, I don't know for how long, 10 years or so, because I went to school there, and we were the only Japanese family there, of course. But it was fine, because they treated us well, and then I guess we had a chance to move to Toronto, because some of my aunts and uncles and relatives were in Toronto, so we moved to Toronto. And of course, oh, in my sense, my father was a woodworker, he did get a job, and furniture refenishing place, and my mother and father bought a house, anyways, which had two houses together, actually, and so they bought this house and rent it, because in those days you could get, I still can't rent houses. So anyways, so that was their income, plus my father went to work at a fixing furniture, and things like that. And we were there for, I don't know how long, because that's where we went to school, and I think I met Rudy back then too, and that's, and then I guess we, oh, I guess I was down there, and George Street, which is a bed, I don't know if you know the city, George Street, Jarvis Street, that's right downtown, she doesn't have a good reputation, maybe it's changed a little bit, but anyways, that's what they could afford, and that's really my mother, that rented her rooms, and brought in some income whenever, and so anyways. And my, I had an older brother, well, he did, he's passed away now, but he and Rudy were working together, and that's how I met Rudy. So anyways, we want me to go on. Okay, we get up at 8.30 in the morning, we have breakfast, and I make all the meals usually, so I mean, it's only toast, or you know, crumpets, or things like that, nothing special, or with coffee, right? And then I go to a aerobics classes for 9.30, so I leave about just before 9 o'clock, it's not too far, but it's still, it's not in Richmond, held by a trafficism to a band, but anyways, the traffic's better by that time, and everybody's gone to school and whatever, right? So I go to aerobics classes, and there's two places that we go, not one place all the time, and anyways, I have to remember which way I have to go, but, and it's a good class, mostly women, of course. We might have a couple of guys there, yeah. And that's in one hour class, aerobics class, so now it takes me two hours, maybe, you know, a few minutes to get there, and then also by the time you change, and get back home, yes. So it's about two hours in my morning there, and after that, I guess, when I come home, what do I do? Because I have to make my bed, and do that before I go. Maybe I may start checking my laundry to see if I have to do some laundry down there, and put those in my machine. Thank goodness for automatically washers and dryers now, except in the summertime, I will put stuff outside now, because we have a big yard. Yeah, I have to put in the chameleon, so we can still put laundry outside, if we wanted to, with the outside, yeah. And then I guess I start to make lunch, which is usually sometimes I'll make an open-up container soup, and make sandwiches, or if we've had leftovers from supper, then I'll use, you know, some rice, and we might have had leftover from the day before. Okay, that's, and then we have lunch, and I don't do my dishes at all, and I put the dishes in the dishwasher for the evening. It's not used to eat dishes right away, yeah. And so, what after that, we have to start to launch, and do our dishes, butter dishes. It all depends on what Rudy has planned, if we have to go shop and grocery shopping, or if I've got bills to pay, yeah, because I'll keep them and go. There's a bank, not too far. Well, I go to the young street. I live between young street and baby, so I can choose which one I want to go to, especially now, it doesn't matter which bank you go to. If you go to a TD, whichever branch you go to, you know, they take you. What else? Well, I might have to do some gardening a little bit. I don't do gardening that much, because Rudy does most of the gardening, but I might just help bring water cans, so he can water, right, or do things like that. Oh, do they say that? Okay, sometimes I'll come home from a robot simple, in load of laundry or whatever I have to do too. And then we have lunch, minutes of the afternoon. I don't know, sometimes I'll just sit, and I have some subscriptions to some magazines, or whatever, I'll pick up a book, and not a book, but magazines, because I don't like to read anything too long. I'd rather just pick up the magazine and read an article once and, you know, and read that. And then who else? We might go to Hillgrest Mall, and what? Okay, if I have to go pay some bills, I'll keep all the bills, right, until I have to go to the bank and pay all my bills. So that covers until about afternoon, when I started to make supper again. So, and then after supper, what do I do? I have to clean up, of course. And then, then we watch TV from about seven o'clock. It seems like a long time, until about 11, 30, after the news, we just watch the news, and then we go to bed, so it's about 11, 30, we go to bed. A bit of process. Okay. You have to go to my bread box, bring out a loaf of bread, and it could be quite bread, or I've been buying more whole wheat, or ground bread, I guess, you know, take out two slices. I'd have to get the margin, and I'd have to get the margin, and my jam is not in the fridge, it's in the cupboard, and so I wait to get my margin from the fridge, and my jam from the, and the peanut butter is not in the fridge either. Is it? Okay, I forget where my peanut butter is right now, but anyways, I put my, my journal on my bread, and then peanut butter, and my jam, and I'd have two pieces of bread, so I'll go anyways, then I'd put that together, and then I would slice it diagonally, like it that way, rather than straightening it. Okay. There was a young boy, who's maybe about 12, 13 years old, who's outside in the backyard, playing with the soccer ball, so then he kicked the soccer ball into the, I guess, living room window, and broke the window, and father is sitting inside the house in the living room, and the ball comes through, breaks the window, and breaks the window, and father is there, so of course, he right away catches the ball, looks outside to see, I guess, who did that, who kicked the ball on, how the ball started to the house. Oh, well, mother is telling the boy that he should take his umbrella, but I guess he's resisting, so he's saying, no, no, I don't want to, and he's saying the bite of his mother at the door with him, and then he's walking to school, and he says, oh, it's starting to rain, and then he's raining more, it's pouring now, so he decides to go back home, and he goes, and he's soaking wet, his mother is very angry at him, because she's saying, I told you so, but anyways, he does now take the umbrella, and goes back outside with the umbrella, and goes back to school, I guess. Oh, okay. The little girl's cat has gone up the tree, and I guess because the dog was chasing her, so he's gone up on the tree, and so the little girl is upset, so the father decides to climb up, take the ladder up, and climb up the tree to rescue the cat, but then since the dog came, and knocked the ladder down, he stuck up in the tree, so for some reason, I guess the mother or somebody must have called the fire, for help, for firemen, because they come with their ladder to rescue the father from the tree, and I guess the dog will have to get the cat down to him. Okay, Cinderella had three sisters, and they were very nice to her, and what happened? Because she had to do all the housework and everything, whereas the sisters, and they called her names and stuck it down, anyways. I forget where she met, she met the prince and she got married, and she got married. Nope, already.