 It's a very, uh, All the things, you know, they came over from Europe for a while. They went quite sometime, I think. It's not so old now, I don't know. They know those things that happened there. But they did stay there. And, uh, do you? Uh, let's see now. They could have been in Russia certainly thanks to time. But whether they stayed there long enough, I don't know. And then, uh, at that time, you know, they were fighting. And so, and Jews were getting along with that time. Uh, they moved in classes they could. And then they came to America. And I know I think it was in New York City, they left. They had it. They, uh, I do. They did, uh, They landed in New York City, I think it was. No, I'm not. That's the only thing I'm not very sure about. Where I could say it was. I could say it was. That's what I keep saying it all the time, because I think it is. Right. They settled in New York for a while. And they moved out to the suburbs. Very lovely suburbs of heaven to New York. And, uh, I'm there. They didn't come out here right away. I'm sure of that. I know. Come on in here. That part of it, I'm positive. It's coming to the neighborhood. I'm not still not here. Most of them are. That's true. Uh, Okay. I never did ask where I was born or they never told me. But I want all those statistics I can get. And find out. Now, the oldest are not many of them are large. And so that cut down to nothing. I have a best high children all together. Right. And, uh, I think that's right. This morning is not a good morning to come and ask it. No. When passed, uh, Rolex went down further than it came back. This was quite. And no, about that. And, uh, I walk after breakfast every morning. I walk and do check that. So, I would tell my life to be. Find myself. Because when you're with somebody, they want to stop and talk about something. And I want to walk. Uh, but I can back in just coming back and trying to go to me. But, um, I think, told them the maze. But the girls around here want to do it. And, uh, I like to make my own bed. Seeing it and everything else, which they don't do. And, uh, and I want them to do something special, like, you know, in a fold, and then, a bathroom, and all that. How about something to do it? Because it's really nothing much because it's just one person living in one room. Please come to me. You're both. It's all my own furniture. I don't think that anybody else has. I mean, I have a lot of marty here. These were bought in New York City. If you know New York City, you were a resident. They fell those beautiful things. And, uh, you shift to marty here. The new art was coming out this way. So, my furniture. Now, the first day I came here, right, went up and put. Really? And, you know, in the funny part of it all. So, if you know, uh, first port Connecticut.