 So, 29 years ago, I had this thermo teacher who talked about absorbs refrigeration. It was one of those things that stuck in my head. It was a lot like the sterling engine. It was cool, but you didn't know what to do with it. And it was invented in 1858 by this guy, Fred and N. Carrey, but he couldn't actually build anything with it because of the tools at the time. It was crazy Canadian, and power-crossly commercialized this thing called the ICBALL in 1928. And it was a really neat idea, and I'll get to why it didn't work. But here's how it works. There's two spheres, and you're separated in the distance. One has a working fluid, water, and ammonia. The other is a condenser. You heat up one side, the hot side. The ammonia evaporates, and it re-condenses in the other side. You let it cool to room temperature. And then as the ammonia re-evaporates and combines with the water back on the Earth's oil hot side, it creates a powerful cooling effect. So it was a great idea. It didn't work at all. They blew up. Because using ammonia, you get hugely high pressures if you heated it. If you heated the ammonia, it gets talked to 400 psi. The ammonia was toxic. It sprayed everywhere. But it's kind of an interesting thought. So a great thing about 2006, there's a lot of really great computational work you can do. So we got the whole thermodynamics department. It's dampered involved. A lot of computational fluid dynamics. We proved that most of the ammonia refrigeration tables are wrong. We found some non-toxic refrigerants that worked at very low vapor pressures. We brought in a team from the UK. There's a lot of great refrigeration people who turned down the UK. And built a test rig and proved that in fact we could make a low pressure non-toxic refrigerator. So this is the way it works. You put it on a cooking fire. Most people have cooking fires in the world, whether it's camel dung or wood. It heats up for about 30 minutes. Cools for an hour. Put it into a container and it'll refrigerate for 24 hours. Just like this, this is the fifth prototype. It's not quite done. Ways about 8 pounds. And this is the way it works. You put it into a 15 liter vessel about three gallons and it'll cool it down to just above freezing, three degrees above freezing for 24 hours in the 30 degrees sea environment. It's really cheap. We think we can build these in high volumes for about $25 and low volumes for about $40. And we think we can make refrigeration something that everybody can have. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.