 I was in a scholarship out of high school, they picked three students at a nation every year to get involved in international affairs. And so I wanted for right to Georgetown and then for years, love it. When Amy got there, she decided that she's had curious about track and field. So she decided to call someone and start asking best. So I'm just gonna tell that story. Yeah, well I always been involved in sport. I played softball for five years, I was going out by ice ski, competitive, and throughout high school. And I got a little restless in college. I wasn't doing anything for a bad year to sport life. And I'd never competed on a disabled level. I'd always been given other able-bound athletes that's all I'd ever known. I'd never met another epititile. I was 17. And I heard, you know, they do these track meets with all the old runners. I figured, I don't know about this. But before I judge it, we go see what it's all about. So I took my self-sluite to Boston in 95. 19 years old and definitely the dark horse can at this race, I'd never done it before. I went out on a gravel track a couple weeks before this meets the Alvaro and run. So 50 meters was enough for me, panthing and heaving. And I had these legs that were made of wood and plastic compounds. Attack of velcro straps, big thick five-ply wool socks on, not the most comfortable things, but all I'd ever known. And I love their Boston against people wearing legs made of evolved things, carbon graphite. And shock absorbers in them and also to face it. They're all looking at me like, OK, you know, I'm going to win this race now. And I mean, I love their expecting, I don't know what I was expecting. But when I saw a man who was missing entire leg, go up to the high jump hop. I went like the high jump and clear it, and it's at speed two inches. Dato Bryant jumped 5'11 and 96 and Atlanta. And it just gives you a comparison of these are truly accomplished athletes without qualifying that word athlete. And so I decided to give this a shot. And hard pounding, I ran my first race. And I beat the National Record Holder by 300s in a second. And became the new National Record Holder on my first try out. And I said, you know, I'm going to say, I ain't even, you've got speed. You ain't got the speed, but you don't have any skill or finesse going down that track. You were all over the place. We all thought how hard you were working. And so I decided to call the track coach, Georgetown. And thank God I didn't know just how huge this man is. And the track I feel for all these coach, five Olympians. And Matt's office is lined from Florida ceiling with all America certification.