 out of the advertising and design business, my focus is understanding you people and how you interact with the government to get your benefits, how you interact with corporations besides who you're going to do business with and how you view brands. So very quickly when President Obama said, I don't see why we can't have one page plain English consumer credit agreement. So I locked myself into room to get out the content, organize the document and wrote it in plain English. I've had this check by the two top consumer credit lawyers in the country. This is a real thing. Now I want one step further and said, why do we have to stick with this 5G lawyers and just have a paper document let's go online? So many people might need help in computation. Working with the Harvard Business School. You'll see this example when you talk about minimum payments. If you spend $62 for a meal, the longer you take to pay out that loan you see over a period of time using the minimum payment, it's $99.17. How about that? Do you think your bank is going to show that to people? But it's going to work. It's more effective than just computational age. What about terms like over the limit? Perhaps a stealth thing. You find it in context, tell people what it means. When you put it in plain English, you almost force the institution to give the people away and default out of that and not put themselves at risk. plain English is about changing the content. And one of the things I'm most proud of is this agreement or IBM. It's a grid. It's calendar. It's such and such a date. IBM, if responsibility is you have responsibilities. Receive very favorably by business. And there's some good news to report today. Each year, one in 10 tax payers receive a notice from the IRS. There are 200 million letters that go out. Running through this typical letter that they had, I ran it through my simplicity lab, it's pretty unintelligible. All the parts of the document in red are not intelligible. We looked at doing over a thousand letters that cover 70% of their transactions are in plain English. They've been tested in the laboratory. And I run it through my lab. This heat mapping show is intelligent. In the IRS, I introduce the program. There are a couple of things going on right now that I want to bring to your attention. There is a lot of discussion now about consumer financial protection agency, how to mandate simplicity. We see all this complexity. It's incumbent upon us and this organization, I believe, to make clarity, transparency, and empathy, a national priority. There's no way that we should allow governments to communicate the way they communicate.