 Perhaps we should say the same thing about optimism. How dare we be optimistic? Optimism is sometimes characterized as a belief, an intellectual posture. There's Mahatma Gandhi famously said, you must become the change you wish to see in the world. And the outcome about which we wish to be optimistic is not going to be created by the belief alone, except to the extent that the belief brings about new behavior. But the word behavior is also, I think, sometimes misunderstood in this context. I'm a big advocate of changing the light bulbs and buying hybrids and tipper and I put 33 solar panels on our house and dug the geothermal wells and done all of that other stuff. But as important as it is to change the light bulb, it's more important to change the laws. And when we change our behavior in our daily lives, we sometimes leave out the citizenship part and the democracy part. In order to be optimistic about this, we have to become incredibly active as citizens in our democracy. In order to solve the climate crisis, we have to solve the democracy crisis and we have one. I have been trying to tell this story for a long time. I was reminded of that recently by a woman who walked past the table I was sitting at, just staring at me as she walked past. She was in her seventies, looked like she had a kind face. I thought nothing of it until I saw from the corner of my eyes, she was walking from the opposite direction, also just staring at me. And so I said, how do you do? And she said, you know, you died, you're a hair black. You would look just like Al Gore. Many years ago when I was a young congressman, I spent an awful lot of time dealing with the challenge of nuclear arms control, nuclear arms race. And the military historians taught me during that quest that military conflicts are typically put into three categories, local battles, regional or theater wars, and the rare but all important global world war, strategic conflicts. And each level of conflict requires a different allocation of resources, a different approach, a different organizational model.