 In fact, most boys tend to be a certain way and most girls tend to be a certain way. And the point is that for boys, the way that they exist and the culture that they embrace isn't working well in schools now. How do we know that? The 100 Girls Project tells us some really nice statistics. For example, for every 100 girls that are suspended from school, there are 250 boys that are suspended from school. For every 100 girls who are expelled from school, there are 335 boys who are expelled from school. For every 100 girls in special education, there are 217 boys. For every 100 girls with a learning disability, there are 276 boys. For every 100 girls with an emotional disturbance diagnosed, we have 324 boys. And by the way, all of these numbers are significantly higher if you happen to be black. If you happen to be poor, if you happen to exist in an overcrowded school. And if you are a boy, your 4 times is likely to be diagnosed with ADHD, attention deficit, hyperactivity disorder. Now, there is another side to this. And it is important that we recognize that women still need help in school, that salaries are still significantly lower, even when control for the job types. And that girls have continued to struggle in math and science for years. That's all true. Nothing about that prevents us from paying attention to the literacy needs of our boys between ages 3 and 13. And so we should. In fact, what we ought to do is take a page from their playbook. Because the initiatives and programs that have been set in place for women in science and engineering and mathematics are fantastic. They've done a lot of good for girls in these situations. And we ought to be thinking about how we can make that happen for boys too in their younger years. Even in their older years, what we find is that there's still a problem when we look at the university, 60% of baccalaureate degrees are going to women now, which is a significant shift. And in fact, university administrators are a little uncomfortable about the idea that we may be getting close to 70% female population in universities. This makes university administrators very nervous because girls don't want to go to schools that don't have boys. And so we're starting to see the establishment of men's centers and men's studies to think about how do we engage men in their experiences in the university. If you talk to faculty, they may say, yeah, well, they're playing video games and they're gambling online all night long and they're playing World of Warcraft. And that's affecting their academic achievement, right? Guess what? Video games are not the cause. Video games are a symptom. They were turned off a long time before they got here. All right, so let's talk about why they got turned off when they were.