 It means we get our new hips for free. And being the youngest is seven. I have never been at the front of the line for anything. Okay? So my hip had been hurting me for years. I finally went to the doctor, which was free. And she referred me to an orthopedic surgeon, also free. I finally got to see him after 10 months of waiting. Almost a year. That is what free gets you. I met the surgeon and he took some free x-rays. And I got a good look at them. And you know, even I could tell my hip was bad. And I actually looked in marketing. So he said, Allison, we got to get you on the table. I'm gonna replace your hip. It's about an 18 month wait. 18 more months. I'd already waited 10 months and I'd wait 18 more months. You know, it's such a long wait that I actually started even think about it in terms of teds. I wouldn't have my new hip for this Ted. I wouldn't have my new hip for Ted Global in Africa. I would not have my new hip for Ted 2008. I would still be on my dad here. That was so disappointing. So I left his office and I was walking through the hospital and that's when I had my hip knee. This youngest of seven had to get a cell to the front of the line. Oh yeah. Can I tell you how un-Canadian that is? We do not think that way. We don't talk about it. It's not even a consideration. In fact, when we're traveling abroad, it's how we identify fellow Canadians. After you, oh no, no, after you. Hey, you can count that only two. Hi. Right. It's not fun. So no, suddenly I wasn't at birth to budding any geyser off the list. Some seven year old who wanted his new hip so he could be back to golfing or gardening. No, no. Right on the line. So by now I was walking the lobby and of course that hurt. Okay. I kind of needed a sign. And I saw a sign. In the window of the hospital's tiny gift shop, a sign that said volunteers needed. Well, they signed me up immediately. No reference checks. None of the usual background stuff. No, they were desperate for volunteers because the average age of the volunteer, a hospital gift shop was 75. They needed some young blood. So next you know I had my bright blue volunteer vest. I had my photo ID and I was fully trained by my 89 year old boss. I worked alone every Friday morning. I was at the gift shop. While ringing in hospital staffs, tick tock, said casually ask, what do you do? Then I told him, well, I'm getting my hip placed in 18 months. It's gonna be so great when the pain stops. All the staff got to know the plucky young volunteer. Yeah. My next surgeon's appointment was coincidentally, right after a shift at the gift shop. So naturally I had my vest and my identification. I draped them casually.