 explosion that we have right now. We're facing this problem and let me step back in time. Let's just go back a few years and see what happened back then. These machines that came out, they started coming in the 1970s, they would scan off human bodies and they would generate about a hundred images of human bodies. I've taken the liberty just for clarity to translate that to data sizes. That would correspond to about 15 megabytes of data, which is small when you think about the data that we can have today, just on normal mobile devices. If you translate that to phone books, it's about one meter of phone books in the pile. Looking at what we're doing today, with these machines that we have, we can just in a few seconds get 24,000 images out of the body. And that would correspond to about 20 gigabytes of data or 800 phone books and the pile will then be 200 meters. What's about to happen? We're seeing this at the beginning at technology trends that are happening right now. We're starting to look at time-resolved situations as well. We're getting the dynamics out of the body as well. Just to assume that we will be collecting data during five seconds, that will correspond to about one terabyte of data. That's 800,000 books and 16 kilometers of phone books. There's one patient, one data set and this is what we have to do. So this is really the enormous challenge that we have. Already today, this is 25,000 images. Imagine that the days when we had radiologists doing this, they would put up 25,000 images. There is the problem. They can't do that anymore. That's impossible. So we have to do something that's a little bit more intelligent. So what we do is that we put all these slices together. Imagine that you slice your body in all these directions and then you try to put the slices back together again into a pile of data into a block of data. So this is really what we're doing. So this gigabyte, a terabyte of data, we couldn't get this block. But of course the block of data just contains the amount of x-ray that's been absorbed in each point in the human body. So what we need to do is to figure out a way of looking at the things that we do want to look at and make things transparent that we don't want to look at. So transforming the data sets into something that looks like this. And this is a challenge. This is a huge challenge for us to do that. Using computers, even though they're getting faster and better all the time, it's a challenge to deal with gigabyte's data, terabytes of data and extracting the relevant information. I want to look at the heart and look at the blood vessels. I want to look at the liver, maybe even finding the tumor. So this is where this little dude comes into play. This is my daughter. This is as of 9 am this morning. She's playing a computer game. She's only two years old and she's having a blast. So she's really the driving force behind the development of graphics processing years. As long as kids are playing computer games,