 of patients waiting for transplant has doubled while at the same time the actual number of transplants will remain almost entirely flat. That really has to do with our aging population. We'll just get an older. Medicine is doing a better job of keeping us alive. But as we age, our organs tend to fail more. So that's a challenge. Not just for organs, but also for tissues, trying to replace pancreas, trying to replace nerve-second, help us with Parkinson's. These are major issues. This is actually a very stunning statistic. Every 30 seconds a patient dies from diseases that could be treated with tissue regeneration or replacement. So what can we do about it? We've talked about stem cells tonight. That's a way to do it, but still, ways to go to get stem cells and for patients in terms of actual therapies for organs. Wouldn't it be great if our bodies could regenerate? Wouldn't it be great if we could actually harness the power of our bodies to actually heal ourselves? It's not really that born of a concept. Actually, it happens on the earth every day. This is actually a picture of a salamander. Salamanders have this amazing capacity to regenerate. You see here a little video. This is actually a limb injury in the salamander. And this is actually real photography. Time photography showing how that limb regenerates in the period of days. You see the scar form? And then that scar actually grows out a new limb. So salamanders can do it. Why can't we? Why can't humans regenerate? Actually, we can regenerate. Your body has many organs and every single organ in your body has a cell population that's ready to take over at the time of injury. Happens every day as you age. As you get older, your bones regenerate every 10 years. Your skin regenerates every two weeks. So your body's constantly regenerating. The challenge occurs when there's an injury. At the time of injury or disease, the body's first reaction is to seal itself off from the rest of the body. It does it basically wants to fight off infection and seal itself, whether it's organs inside your body or your skin. The first reaction is for scar tissue to move in to seal itself from the seal itself off from the outside. So how can we harness that power? One of the ways that we do that is actually by using smart biomaterials. How does this work? Well, on the left side here, you see a