 And I began the journey of rediscovering the value of sleep. And in the course of that, I studied, I met with medical doctor, scientists, and I'm here to tell you that the way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep. And we women are going to lead the way in this new revolution, this new feminist issue. We are literally going to sleep away to the top, little one. Because unfortunately, for men, sleep deprivation has become a virility symbol. I was recently having dinner with a guy who grabbed that he had only gotten four hours sleep the night before. And I shared like saying to him, but I didn't say, I shared like saying, you know what? If you had gotten five, this dinner would have been a lot more interesting. There is now a kind of sleep deprivation one up, man. Especially here in Washington, if you try to make a breakfast date and you say, how about eight o'clock? They're likely to tell you eight o'clock is too late for you, but that's okay, you know, I can get a game of tennis in a two-foot conference calls and meet you at eight. And they think that means that they are so incredibly busy and productive, but the truth is they're not. Because we, at the moment, have had brilliant leaders in busyness, in finance, in politics, making terrible decisions. So a high IQ does not mean that you're a good leader, because the essence of leadership is being able to see the iceberg before it shifts the time. And we've had far too many icebergs heating at our times. In fact, I have a feeling that in Lehman Brothers was Lehman Brothers and Sisters, they might still be around. While all the brothers were busy, you know, just being hyper-connected, twenty for seven, maybe a sister would have noticed the iceberg, because she would have walked an up from a seven-and-a-half or eight hours' leave, and have been able to see the big picture. So as we're facing all the multiple prices in our world at the moment, what is good for us on a personal level, what's going to bring more joy, gratitude, effectiveness in our lives, and be the best for our own careers is also what is best for the world. So I urge you to shut your eyes and discover the great ideas that lie inside us, to shut your engines.