 realm, but also with very much the feeling realm. And the ideas are very disparate. I'm going to show you many different kinds of pieces, and there's no real connection between one of the other except that they sort of come out of my brain. And they're all different sort of thoughts that are triggered by looking at life and seeing nature and seeing objects and just having kind of playful random thoughts about things. The, when I was a child, I started to explore motion. I fell in love with the way things move. So I started to explore motion by making little slip hooks. And this is one that I did probably like when I was around seventh grade. And I remember when I was doing this, I was thinking about that little rock there and the pathway of the vehicles as they would fly through the air and how the, the characters would come shooting out of the car. So on my mind, I was thinking about the trajectory of the vehicles. And of course, when you're a little kid, there's always destruction. So it has to end with this gratuitous violence. So that was how I first started to explore the way things moved and expressed it. Now when I went to college, I found myself making fairly complicated, fragile machines. And this really came about from having many different kinds of interests. When I was in high school, I left the program computers. So I sort of liked the logical flow of events. I was also very interested in perhaps going into surgery and becoming a surgeon because it meant working with my hands in a very focused, intense way. So I started taking art courses and I found a way to make sculpture that blocked together my love for being very precise with my hands, with coming up with different kinds of logical flows of energy through a system. And also looking with wire, every thing that I did was, was both a visual and a mechanical engineering decision at the same time. So I was able to sort of exercise all of that. Now this kind of machine is as close as I can get to painting. And it's full of many little trivial end points, like there's a little foot here that just drags around in circles and it doesn't really mean anything. It's really just for the sort of joy of its own.