 has become acceptable and so has democracy. If we looked in the world of 1945 and looked at the map of capitalist economies and democratic policies, they were the rare exception, not the norm. The question now however is both about which form of capitalism, in which type of democratic participation. But we must acknowledge that this moment is brought about a rare consensus of assumptions. And that provides the ground for a type of action because consensus of each moment allows us to act and it is necessary, no matter how fragile or how provisionary our consensus to be able to move forward. But the majority of the world neither benefits from capitalism nor from the world. From democratic systems. Most of the globe experiences the state as repressive, as an organization that is concerned about denial of rights, about denial of justice rather than provision of it. And in terms of experience of capitalism, there are two aspects that the rest of the globe experiences. First, extractive in this. Blood diamonds, smuggle them roads, timber. That is cut right from under the courts. Second is technical assistance. And technical assistance might shock you, that is the worst form of today of the ugly face of the developed court to the developing countries. And so billions of dollars are supposedly spent on building capacity with people who are paid after a thousand five hundred dollars a day. We're incapable of thinking creatively or organically. Next assumption. And of course the events of July 7th, I express my deep sin. And before that September 11th, have reminded us we do not live in three different worlds. We live in one world. But that's easily said. But we are not dealing with the implications of the one world that we are living. And that is that if we want to have one world, this one world cannot be based on huge pockets of exclusion and then inclusion for some. We must now finally come to think about the premises of a truly global world. In relationship to regime of rights, in responsibilities and accountability, that are truly global in scope.