 the relationship between how old you are and how likely you are to die in the next year or in day to get second first press. And of course the last thing I'm going to talk about is how to reach that intermediate step, that point of maybe 30 years by extension. So I'm going to start with why we should. Now I want to ask the question, hands up anyone in the audience who is in favor of malaria. That would be easy. Okay, how about anyone in the audience who's not sure whether malaria is a good thing or a bad thing? Okay, so we also malaria is a bad thing. That's very good news, but I thought that was what the answer would be. Now, the thing is I would like to continue that the main reason why we think that malaria is a bad thing is because of a characteristic of malaria. That it shares with aging. And here is that characteristic. You know, I mean the only real difference is that is that aging kills considerably more people than malaria. Now I like in an audience in Britain, they're supposed to talk about comparison with clock something, something that was banned after a long struggle by the government, not very many months ago. I mean, I know I'm with a, you know, a sympathetic audience here, but you know, a lot of people are not entirely persuaded by this logic. And this is actually a rather good comparison it seems to me. You know, a lot of people said, well, you know, city boys have no business telling us, telling us rural types of what to do with our time. It's a traditional part of the way of life and we shouldn't be, we wish to be like carry on doing it. It's ecologically sound, top to pop of the ace of explosion of foxes. But ultimately the government prevailed in the end because the majority of the British public, and certainly the majority of the members of parliament came to the conclusion that it was really something that should not be tolerated in a civilized society. And I think that human beings said all of these characteristics in space. What part of this do people not understand? It's not just about life, it's about healthy life. You know, getting frail and miserable independence is no fun, whether or not dying, maybe fun. So really, this is what I like to describe. It's a global trap. These are the sorts of unbelievable excuses that people give for age. And I mean, okay, I'm not actually saying that these excuses are completely valid. There are some good points to make here, things that we ought to be thinking about, forward planning, so that nothing goes too well, so that we minimize the turbulence when we actually figure out how to fix age. But these are completely crazy when you actually remember your sense of proportion. You know, these are arguments, these are things that you have in the government, it would be legitimate to be concerned about. But the question is, are they so dangerous these risks of doing something about ageing? That they outweigh the downside of doing the opposite, namely leaving ageing as it is? Are these so bad they outweigh condemning 100,000 people a day to an unnecessarily early day? You know, if you haven't got an argument that's that strong, then just don't waste my time. That's what I said. Now, there is one argument that some people do think really is that strong. And here it is. People worry about other populations, they say, well, if you're six or anything, they're not going to die to speak of, or at least that's totally going to be much lower, only from crossing St. Giles, Kallisley. And therefore, we're not going to be able to have many kids, and kids are really important to most people.