 And that moved us to an ex-level. And, you know, we in the last 30 years in particular have seen this acceleration in knowledge and technology and technology has bred more knowledge and given us tools. And we've seen many seminal moments. We've seen the creation of small computers in the 70s and early 80s and who would have thought back then that every single person would not just have one computer, but probably 20 in your home and not just your PC, but in every device in your washing machine, your cell phone, your walking around, your car has 12 microprocessors. Then we go along and create the internet and connect the world together. We flatten the world. We've seen so much change and we've given ourselves these tools now, these high power tools that are allowing us to turn the lens inward into something that is common to all of us. And that is a genome. How's your genome today? Have you thought about it lately? Have you heard about it at least? Probably hear about genomes these days. I thought I'd take a moment to tell you what a genome is. It's sort of like if you ask people, well, what is a megabyte or megabit? And what is broadband? I don't want to say, I really don't understand. So I will tell you right up to the bat. You've heard of DNA. You've probably studied a little bit in biology. Genome is really a description for all of the DNA that is in a living organism. And one thing that is common to all of life is DNA. Doesn't matter whether you're a yeast, doesn't matter whether you're a mouse, doesn't matter whether you're a fly. We all have DNA. The DNA is organized in words, call them, genes and chromosomes. And when Watson and Crick, in the 50s, first decoded this beautiful double helix that we know as the DNA molecule, very long complicated molecule, we then started on this journey to understand that inside of that DNA is a language that determines the characteristics, our traits, what we inherit, what diseases we may get. We've also longed the way discovered that this is a very old molecule that all of the DNA in your body has been around forever since the beginning of us, of us as creatures. There is a historical archive. Learning in your genome is the history of our species and you as an individual human being, where you're from, going back thousands and thousands and thousands of years, and that's now starting to be understood. But also the genome is really the instruction manual. It is the program that we're going to be doing.