 system then. And even as we do our own work all too often, we find ourselves having to choose between doing what we think is the right thing and doing the expected thing or the required thing or the profiting thing. So everywhere we look pretty much across the board, we worry that the people we depend on don't really have our interest in thought. Or if they do have our interest in heart, we worry that they don't know us well enough to figure out what they need to do in order to allow us to to secure those interests. They don't understand, they don't have the time to get to know it. There are two kinds of responses that we make to this sort of general dissatisfaction. If things aren't going right, the first response is let's make more use. Let's set up a set of detail procedures to make sure that people will do the right thing. Give teachers scripts to follow in the classroom so that even if they don't know what they're doing and don't care about the welfare of our kids, as long as they follow the scripts, our kids will get edgy people. Give judges a list of mandatory sets is to impose for crimes so that you don't need to rely on judges using their judgment. Instead, all they have to do is look up on the list what kind of sentence goes with what kind of crime. Impose limits on what credit card companies can charge in interest and on what they can charge in fees. More and more rules to protect us against an indifferent, uncaring set of institutions we have to deal with or or maybe end in addition to rules. Let's see if we can come up with some really clever incentives so that even if the people we deal with don't particularly want to serve our interests, it is in their interest to serve our. The magic incentives that will get people to do the right thing even at a pure selfish. So we offer teachers bonuses if the kids they teach score passing grades on these big test scores that are used to evaluate the quality of school systems. Rules and incentives, sticks and carrots. We passed a bunch of rules to regulate the financial industry in response to the recent collapse. There's the Dodd-Frank Act, there's the new consumer financial protection agency that is temporarily being headed through the back door by Elizabeth Warren. Maybe these rules will actually improve the way these financial services companies behave. We'll see. In addition, we