 like this one, and besides some of you might be wondering, what the hell does it mean? Let me begin with an example. These are, this is the job description of a hospital janitor that is scrolling up on the screen. And all of the items on it are unremarkable. They're the things you would expect. Mop the floors, sweep them, empty the trash, restock the cabinets. Maybe a little surprising how many things there are, but it's not surprising what they are, but the one thing I want you to notice about them is this. Even though this is a very long list, there isn't a single thing on it that involves other human beings, not one. The janitor's job could just as well be done in a mortuary as in a hospital. And yet, when some psychologists interview hospital janitors to get a sense of what they thought their jobs were like, they encountered Mike who told them about how he stopped mopping the floor because Mr. Jones was out of his bed, getting a little exercise, trying to build up his strength, walking slowly up and down the hall. And Charlene told them about how she ignored her supervisors admonition and didn't vacuum the visitor's lounge because there were some family members who were there all day, every day, who at this moment happened to be taking a nap. And then there was Luke who washed the floor in a comatose young man's room twice because the man's father who had been keeping a vigil for six months didn't see Luke do it the first time and his father was angry. And behavior like this, from janitors, from technicians, from nurses, and if we're lucky every now and then, from doctors, doesn't just make people feel a little better, it actually improves the quality of patient care and enables hospitals to run well. Now, not all janitors are like this, of course. But the ones who are think that these sorts of human interactions involving kindness, care, and empathy are an essential part of the job. And yet their job description contains not one word about other human beings. These janitors have the moral will to do right by other people. And beyond this, they have the moral skill to figure out what doing right means. Practical wisdom Aristotle told us is the combination of moral will and moral skill. A wise person knows when and how to make the exception to every rule, as the janitors knew when to ignore their job duties in the service of other objectives. A wise person knows how to improvise, as Luke did.