 So different background dependency on imported, know-how, goods, services, exuberant cultural diversity. Africa was truly fascinating for me. I became an industrial engineer, engineering product development, and I focused on appropriate detection technologies. Actually, the first appropriate technology is for developing countries. I started working in the industry, but I wasn't really happy to contribute to a material consumer society in a linear, extracting, and manufacturing mode. I quit my job to focus on a real world problem, plant mines. We're talking 95 now. Princess Diana is announcing on TV that land mines form a structural barrier to any development, which is really true. As long as these devices are there, or there is suspicion of plant mines, you can't really enter into the land. Actually, there wasn't appeal worldwide for new detectors, sustainable in the environment where they needed to produce, which is mainly in the developing world. We chose rats. Why would you choose rats? Because aren't they burning? Well, actually rats are, in contrast to what most people think about them. Rats are highly sociable creatures, and actually are products, what you see here. There's a target somewhere here. You see an operator, a trained African with its rats in front who actually left and right. There, the animal finds mines, scratches on the soil, and the animal comes back for a food reward. Very, very simple, very sustainable in this environment. Here, the animal gets its food reward, and that's how it works. Very, very simple. Now, why would you use rats? Rats have been used since the 50s last century in all kinds of experiments. Rats have more genetic material allocated to a faction than any other mammal species. They're extremely sensitive to smell. Moreover, they have the mechanisms to map all these smells and to communicate about it. Now, how do we communicate with rats? Well, we don't talk rats, but we have a click here, standard methods for animal training, which you see there. A clicker, which makes a particular sound, with which you can reinforce particular behaviors. First of all, we associate a click sound with the food reward, which is mashed banana and peanuts together in a syringe. Once the animal knows click food, click food, click food, click food, click his food, we bring it in a cage with a hole, and actually the animal learns to stick the nose in the hole under which a target sent this place, and to do that for five seconds, five seconds, which is long for rats. Once the animal knows this, we make the task a bit more difficult.