 Plenish and progress. Restored at seafood allows for an evolving and dynamic system. The knowledge is our relationship with the ocean as a resource, suggesting that we engage to replenish the ocean and to encourage its resilience. It is more hopeful, is more human, and is a more useful way of understanding our environment. While it guides, standard issue by lots of marine conservation world, very handy. They are a wonderful tool. Green, yellow, and red list seafood species. The association is very easy. High green, don't buy red, think twice about yellow. But in my mind, it's really not enough to just eat greenless. We can't sustain this without the measure of our success really being changing the fate of the species in the yellow and red. But what if we eat only in the green list? You've got polkaught, yellow fin tuna here. Comes from sustainable stocks, polkaught, no buy catch, it's great for fishermen, lots of money, supporting local economies. But it's a line of the sea, it's a top predator. What's the context of this meal? I sit down in a steakhouse for a 16 ounce portion of this. Do I do this three times a week? I might still be in the green list, but I'm not doing myself for you or the oceans any favors. Point is that we have to have a context, the gauge for our actions and all this. For example, I've heard that red wine is great for my health, and it acts as if it's minerals, heart healthy. Great, I love red wine, I'm going to drink so much of it, I'm going to be so healthy. Well, how many bottles is it before you tell me that I have a problem? Folks, we have a protein problem, we have lost this sensibility when it perturbed to our food, and we are paying a cost. The problem is we are hiding that cost beneath the waves, we are hiding that cost behind the social acceptance of the standing wastelines, and we are hiding that cost behind monster profits. So the first thing about this idea of restorative seafood is that it really takes into account our needs. Storted seafood might best be represented, not by jaws, and by flipper or the golden fisherman, but rather by the jolly green giant. Vegetable, they might yet save the oceans. Sylvia likes to say that blue is the new green, and I'd like to respectfully submit that broccoli green might then be the new blue. We must continue to eat best seafood possible, if at all, but we also must eat it with a ton of vegetables. The best part about restorative seafood though is that it comes on the half shell, with a bottle with a basket and lemon. It comes in a five-ounce portion of tilapia bread, with djong mustard and crispy broiled breadcrumbs and steaming pile of pecan, quinoa, peel off with crunchy grilled broccoli, so soft and sweet and charred, smoky on the outside with just chili flakes. This is an easy sell, and best part is all of those ingredients are available to every family at the neighborhood Walmont. Jamie Oliver is campaigning to save our family.