 So, pretty even split. So, let's find out what the reality is. Here is the orange one. Alright. Here is the green one. And here is the green one. So, for all of you saw that, you're a complete realist. Alright? So, this is pretty amazing actually, isn't it? Because nearly every living system has evolved the ability to detect light in one way or another. So, for us, seeing color is one of the simplest things the brain does. And yet, even at this most fundamental level, context is everything. Okay? What I'm going to talk about is not that context is everything, but why is context everything? Because it's answering that question that tells us not only why we see what we do, but who we are as individuals and who we are as a society. But first, we have to ask another question, which is what is color for? Instead of telling you, I'll just show you. What you see here is a jungle scene. And you see the surfaces according to the amount of light that those surfaces reflect. Now, can any of you see the predator that's about to jump out of you? And if you haven't seen it yet, you're dead. Right? Can anyone see it? Anyone? No? Now, let's see the surfaces according to the quality of light that they reflect. Now you see it. Right? So color enables us to see the similarities and differences between surfaces according to the full spectrum of light that they reflect. But what you've just done is in many respects mathematically and possibly. Why? Because as Barkey tells us, we have no direct access to our physical world other than through our senses. And the light that falls onto our eyes is determined by multiple things in the world, not only the color of objects, but also the color of their illumination and the color of the space between us and those objects. You vary any one of those parameters and you'll change the color of the light that falls onto your eye. This is a huge problem because it means that the same image could have an infinite number of possible real world sources. So let me show you what I mean. Imagine that this is the back of your eye, okay? And these are two projections from the world. They're identical in every single way. Identical in shape, size, spectral content. They are the same as far as your eyes concerning. And yet they come from completely different sources. The one on the right comes from a yellow surface in shadow oriented facing the left, viewed through a pinkish medium. The one on the left comes from an orange surface under direct light, facing to the right, viewed through a sort of a bluish medium, completely different