 I recognize as the landscapes of Hungarian films, especially the early movies of Nipolshansil. So how do I explain this mysterious affinity? Maybe it's because my native state of South Carolina, which is not much smaller than present a hungry once imagined future for itself as an independent country. And as a consequence of that presumption, my hometown was burned to the ground by an invading army. An experienced staff has been fallen, many a Hungarian town and village throughout its long and troubled history. Or maybe it's because when I was a teenager back in the 50s, my uncle Henry, having denounced the Ku Klux Klan and been bombed for his trouble and had crosses burned in the yard, living under death threat, took his wife and children to Massachusetts for safety and went back to South Carolina to face down the plan alone. That was a very Hungarian thing to do. As anyone will attest to remembers 1956. And of course, from time to time, Hungarians have invented their own equivalent of the plan. Well, it seems to me that this Hungarian presence in my life is difficult to account for. But ultimately, I ascribe it to an admiration for people with a complex moral awareness, with a heritage of guilt and defeat, matched by the science in bravado. It's not a typical mindset for most Americans, but it is perforce typical of virtually all Hungarians. So Janapat Pasaak. I went back to South Carolina after some 15 years, I'm near the alien corn. At the tail end of the 1960s, with the reckless kind of ascension of that, they were thinking I would save my people. I've never mind the fact that they were slow to acknowledge they needed saving. I labored in that venue for a quarter century before, making my way to a little kingdom of the Justin Upstate South Carolina, a Methodist affiliated institution of higher learning called Woffed College. I knew nothing about warfoot and even less about Methodism. But I was reassured on the first day that I taught it Woffed College to find among the auditors in my classroom, a 90 year old Hungarian. Surrounded by a bevy of middle-aged European women who seemed to function as an entourage of grime maidens. His name was Shandor Tesla. He was a pukish widower whose wife and children were dead. I'm a new grandchildren lived far away. In appearance, he resembled Mahatma Gandhi, Manus the loin cloth, plus orthopedic boots. He had been born in 1903 in the provinces of the old Austro-Hungarian Empire, what later would become Yugoslavia. He was ostracized as a child. Not because he was a Jew whose parents weren't very religious, anyhow, but because he had been born with two club feet. A condition which in those days required institutionalization and a succession of painful operations between the two.