 And the mystery existed because of a gentleman named Hardy Rodin's spot. In 1985, he announced to his friends in the wine world that he had made this incredible discovery. Some workmen in Paris had broken through a brick wall and happened upon this hidden cache of wines, apparently the property of Thomas Jefferson, 1787, 1784. He wouldn't reveal the exact number of bottles he would not reveal exactly where the building was and he would not reveal exactly who owned the building. The mystery persisted for about 20 years. It finally began to get resolved in 2005 because of this guy. Bill Coke is a Florida billionaire who owns four of the Jefferson bottles and he became suspicious and he ended up spending over a million dollars in hiring XFBI and XCOTL and Yardd agents to try to get to the bottom of this. There's now ample evidence that Hardy Rodin's stock is a common man and that the Jefferson bottles were fakes. But for those 20 years, an unbelievable number of really eminent and accomplished figures in the wine world was drawn into the orbit of these bottles. I think they wanted to believe that the most expensive bottle of wine in the world must be the best bottle of wine in the world, must be the rarest bottle of wine in the world. I became increasingly kind of voyeuristically interested in the question of, you know, why do people spend these crazy amounts of money, not only on wine, but on lots of things. Are they living a better life than me? So I decided to embark on a quest with the generous backing of the magazine, I rate course sometimes. I decided to sample the very vast or most expensive, most coveted item in about a dozen categories, which was a very gluing quest as you can imagine. This was the first one. A lot of the Kobe beef that you see in the US is not the real thing. It may come from Wagyu cattle, but it's not from the original Appalachian, Kyogo, Prefecture, and Japan. There are very few places in the US where you can try real Kobe, and one of them is Wolfgang Pucks, the rest of the country cut in Los Angeles. I went there and I ordered the eight ounce Revive for $160. And it arrived, and it was tiny, and I was outraged. It was like $160 for this, and then I took a bite, and I wished that it was tiny, because Kobe beef is so rich. It's like Flawgras, not even like steak. I almost couldn't finish it. I was really happy when I was done. Now, the photographer who took the pictures for this project, for some reason, posed his dog in a lot of them, so that's why you're going to see this recurring character, which I guess, you know, communicates to you that I did not think that one was really worth the price. White truffles, one of the most expensive luxury foods by weight in the world. To try this, I went to a Mario Battali restaurant in Manhattan, the waiter came out with his white truffle knob and his shaver and shaved it onto my pasta, and said, you know, would scenery like the truffles. The charm of white truffles.