 I needed the supplies, the equipment, a sleeping bag, one change of underwear, everything I needed for nearly three months. What are you going to try and do today in the 16 in a bit minutes? I've got left. Try not to answer three questions. The first one is why? The second one is, how do you get the lure at minus 40? Ben, I've read somewhere that a minus 40 exposed skin becomes frostbitten in less than a minute, so how do you ask all of you? I don't ask these now. I come on to the end. The first one, how do you top that? What's next? It all started back in 2001. My first expedition was with a guy called Penn Haddo, an enormous experience chap. This was like my polar apprenticeship. We were trying to ski from this group of islands up here, 7 islands, to the North Pole. The thing that fascinates me about the North Pole, geographic North Pole, is that it's a slackbang in the middle of the sea. This is about as good as maps get. To reach it, you've got a ski liqueur over the frozen crust, the floating skin of ice on the Arctic Ocean. I'd spoken to all the experts, I'd read lots of books, I studied maps and charts, but I realised on the morning of day one that I had no idea exactly what I'd let myself in for. I was 23 years old, no one in my age had attempted anything like this. And pretty quickly, almost everything that the Krugan wrong did go wrong. We were attacked by a polar bear on day two. I had frostbite in my left big toe. When you started running very low on food, we were both pretty hungry, losing lots of weight, some very unusual weather conditions, very difficult ice conditions. We had decidedly low tech communications. We couldn't afford a satellite phone, so we had HF radio. You see two ski poles sticking out of the roof of the tent. There's a wide dangling down the inside, that was our HF radio antenna. We had less than two hours to wait communication without sight world in two months. Ultimately, we ran out of time. We'd skied 400 miles, we were just over 200 miles left to go to the pole. And we'd run out of time. We were two late, then to summer, the ice was starting to melt. We spoke to Russian helicopter pilots in the radio and they said, look boys, you've run out of time, we've got to pick you up. And I felt that I had failed. Paul Hardley, I was a failure. The one goal, the one dream I'd had for as long as I can remember, I hadn't even come close. And skiing along that first of all, I had two imaginary video clips that I'd replay over again in my mind when I was going up tough, just to keep my motivation going. The first one was reaching the pole itself. I could see vividly, I suppose, being filmed out of the door of the helicopter. There was rock music playing in the background. I had a ski pole with a union jet, flying in the wind. I could see myself sticking a flag in the pole, you know, glorious moment, the music reached the agenda. But the second video clip that I imagined was getting back to Heathrow Airport. And I could see, again vividly, that the camera flash bulbs going off the pepper at sea, the all-graph hunters, the book agents coming to sign up for a deal. And of course, neither of these things happened. We didn't get the pole. And we didn't have any money to pay on to the PR, so no one had heard of this expedition.