 I think that's one of the main problems of our society. We learn, maybe not the famous dead audience, but so many other people learn. That's the unknown, the doubts, the question marks are dangerous. And we have to resist to the changes. We have to keep everything and the control. Well, the unknown is part of life. And in that sense, ballooning is a beautiful metaphor. It's in the balloon, like in life. We go very well in unforeseen directions. We want to go in a direction that the wind pushes in another direction, like in life. And as long as we fight horizontally, against life, against the wind, against what's happening to us, life is a nightmare. How do we steer a balloon? By understanding that the atmosphere is made out of several different layers of wind, which all have different directions. So then we understand that if we want to change our trajectory in life or in the balloon, we have to change altitude. Changing altitude in life, that means raising to another psychological, philosophical, spiritual level. But how do we do that? In ballooning or in life, how do we change our team? How do we go from the metaphor to something more practical that we can really use every day? Well, in the balloon, it's easy. We have ballast. And when we drop the ballast to the board, we climb, sand, water, all the equipment we don't need anymore. And I think in life, it should be exactly like this. You know when people speak about pioneering spirit, very often they believe that pioneers are the one who have new ideas. It's not true. The pioneers are not the one who have new ideas because new ideas are so easy to have. We just close our eyes for a minute, we all come back with a lot of new ideas. No, the pioneers, the one who allows himself to throw a ball at a lot of ballast. Habits, certainties, convictions, exclamation marks, paradigms, dogmiles. And when we're able to do that, what happens? Life is not anymore, just one line going in one direction, in one dimension. No, life is going to be made out of all the possible lines that go in all the possible directions in three dimensions. And pioneering spirit will be each time we allow ourselves to explore these vertical axes. Of course, not just like in the atmosphere in the balloon, but in life itself. All these vertical axes, that means explore all the different ways to do, all the different ways to behave, all the different ways to think, before we find the one that goes in the direction we wish. This is very practical.