 kid. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and a tough neighborhood that everybody gave up on for death. When's the afternoon I was walking down the corridor, a high school kind of light emollum business, and there was this artist, teacher who made a great big ol' ceramic vessel. I happen to be looking in the door of the art room if you've ever seen clay down its magic. I'd never seen anything like that before in my life. So I walked into the art room and I said, what is that? He said ceramics, a duer, you. I said I'm Bill Strick when I want you to teach me that. And I said, we'll get your home room to you to decide a piece of paper that says you come here and I'll teach you to. And so for the remaining two years in my high school, I cut all my classes. When I had to practice a fine, I'd give the teachers classes that I cut, the pottery that I made. And they gave me past grades and that's how I got out of high school. And Mr. Ross said, you're too smart to die. And I don't want to go on my conscience. I'm leaving this school and I'm taking you with me. And he drove me out to the University of Pittsburgh where I filled out a college application, that in operation. Well, I'm not trustee of university. And at my installation ceremony, I said, I'm the guy who came from the neighborhood, who got into the place on probation. Don't give up on the poor kids because you never know what's going to happen with those children in life. When I'm going to show you for a couple minutes is the facility that I built. Toughest paper with the Pittsburgh. I was a high-school primary. One is called Bitwell Training Center. It is a vocational school for ex-steel workers. The same parents and welfare much. Remember we used to make steel with the mixed beer? We don't make these steel. People used to make the steel or having a very tough time. I rebuilt them and were given the life. And Manchester Craftsman's built his name after my neighborhood. And I was adopted by the Bishop of the Bishop of the Diocese during the riots. He donated to the Ro House in that Ro House and I started Manchester's Diocese. And I learned very quickly that wherever there are mispeelings there's money in very close to the public. And the Bishop adopted me as his kid and last year I spoke to his memorial service. And wished him well in this life. I went out and heard the student of Frank Lloyd Wright be architect. I asked him to build me