 Biker guys, motorcycle guys came over said you're building a bomb aren't you? I said no, it's a sterling engine. It really is that it believed me. I sold the plans for this engine and for this dish in the back of partner science magazine for four dollars each and I earned enough money to pay for my first year at Caltech. I was really big excitement for me to get into Caltech and my first year at Caltech I continued to business. But then the second year at Caltech they started grading. The whole first year was pass failed but the second year was graded. I wasn't able to keep up with the business and I ended up with a 25 year detour. My dream of being a convert solar energy at a very practical cost but then I had this big detour first the coursework at Caltech. Then when I graduated from Caltech the IBM PC came out and I got addicted to the IBM PC in 1981 and 1983 Lotus 123 came out and I was completely blown away by Lotus 123. Again operating my business with 123 began writing add-ins for 123 wrote a natural language interface to 123 started educational software company after I joined Lotus and then started by D lab so I could have a roof under which I could build multiple companies in succession. Then much much later in 2000 very recently the new California energy crisis were always important to be a big energy crisis was coming. I was trying to figure out if there was some way we could build something that would capitalize on that and try and get people back up energy in case the crisis really came. And I started looking at how we could build battery backup systems that could give people five hours, ten hours maybe even a full day or three days with the backup power. Well as you heard earlier today batteries are unbelievably energy lack of density. Now compared to fuel so much more energy can be stored with fuel than the batteries you'd have to fill your entire parking space in one garage space just to give yourself four hours of battery backup. And I concluded after researching every other technology that we could deploy for storing energy flywheels different formulations of batteries it just wasn't practical to store energy. So what about making energy? Maybe we could make energy. I tried to figure out maybe solar has become attractive. It's been 25 years since I was doing this. Let me go back and look what's been happening with solar cells. And the price had gone down from $10 a watt to about four or five dollars a watt but it's stabilized and it really needed to get much lower than that to be cost effective. I studied all the new things that had happened in solar cells and was trying to look for some way we could innovate and make solar cells more inexpensively. There are a lot of new things that are happening to do that but fundamentally the process requires a tremendous amount of energy. Some people even say it takes more energy to make a solar cell it will give out it in its entire life. Hopefully if we can reduce the amount of energy that takes to make the cells that will become more practical. But right now you pretty much have to take silicon, put it in an oven at 1600 degrees Fahrenheit for 17 hours to make the cells. A lot of people are working on things to try and reduce that but I didn't have anything to contribute in that area. So I tried to figure out what other way can we try and make cost effective solar electricity. So I thought of an idea what if we collect the sun with a large reflector like I had been thinking about way back when I was in high school but maybe with modern technology we can make a cheaper large collector concentrate it to a small converter and then the conversion device wouldn't have to be as expensive because it's much smaller rather than solar cells which have to