 contain our risks and if we manage those risks we're going to live a good life and a good healthy life. Well I understand the genetics and lifestyle part and you know why I understand that because my physicians constantly ask me questions about this. Have you ever had to fill out those long legal sized forms in your doctor's office? I mean if you're lucky enough you get it to do it more than once right? Do it over and over again and ask you questions about your lifestyle and your family history, your medication history, your surgical history, your allergy history. Did I forget any history? But this part of the equation I didn't really get and I don't think my physicians really get this part of the equation. What does that mean? My environment. Well it can mean a lot of things. This is my life. These are my life places. We all have these. While I'm talking I'd like you to also be thinking about how many places have you lived? Just think about that you know wander through your your life thinking about this and you realize that you spend it in a variety of different places. You spend it at rest and you spend it at work and if you're like me here in an airplane a good portion of your time traveling someplace so it's not really simple when somebody asks you where do you live? Where do you work? Where do you spend all your time? And where do you expose yourself to risks that maybe perhaps you don't even see? Well when I have done this on myself I always come to the conclusion that I spend about 75% of my time relatively in a small number of places and I don't wander far from that place for a majority of my time even though I'm an extensive global trekker. Now I'm going to take you on a little journey here. I started off in Scranton, Pennsylvania. I don't know if anybody might hail from Northeastern Pennsylvania but this is where I spent my first 19 years with my little young lungs. You know breathing high concentrations here, a sulfur dioxide, carbon dioxide and methane gas and unequal quantities. 19 years of this and if you've been in that part of the country this is what those piles of burning, smoldering cold waste look like. So then I decided to leave that part of the world and I was going to go to the Midwest. Okay so I ended up in Louisville, Kentucky. Well I decided to be neighbors to a place called Rubbertown. They manufacture plastics. They use large quantities, chloroprene and benzene. Okay I spent 25 years in my middle-age lungs now. Breathing various concentrations of that and on a clear day it always looked like this so you never saw it was insidious and it was really happening and then I decided I could get really smart. I would take this job in the West Coast and I moved to Redlands, California.