 This is not true. I began to look into the stuff on the internet, in books, in undocumented mirrored films, in my childhood with my family. I discovered the dark side of the industrialized food system. First, there's genetically engineered seeds and organisms. That is what a seed is manipulated and laboratory to do something not into my nature. Like taking the DNA of a fish and putting it into the DNA of a tomato. Yuck! Don't get me wrong. I like fish and tomatoes, but this is just creepy. The seeds, the seeds are the plant and the vine grow. The food they produce have been proven to cause cancer and other problems in lab animals. And people have been eating food, produced this waste from 1990s. Most folks don't even know they exist. Did you know rats that genetically engineered corn had developed signs of liver and kidney toxicity? These include kidney inflammation, and leachions, and it increased kidney weight. Yet almost all the corn we eat has been altered genetically in some way. And let me tell you, corn isn't everything. And don't even get me started on the confined animal feeding operations called K-Fos. Conventional farmers, whose chemical fertilizers made from fossil fuels, they mix with the dirt to make plants grow. They do this because they've stripped the soil from all nutrients and growing the same crop over and over again. Next, more harmful chemicals are sprayer and fruits and vegetables, like pesticides and herbicides to kill weeds and bugs. When it rains, these chemicals seep into the ground or run off and throw waterways. Who is in the water, too? Then they irradiate our food, trying to make it last long. So it can travel 1,000 miles from where it's grown to the supermarkets. So I asked myself, how can I change? How can I change these things? This is what I found out. I discovered that there's a movement for a better life. Now while back, I wanted to be an in-a-flow football player. I decided that I'd rather be an organic farmer instead. Now we eat food. Oh, my God. Thank you. In that way, I can have a greater impact on the world. This man, Joel Salatin, they call him a lunatic farmer because he grows against the system. Since I'm homeschooled, I want to go here and speak one day. This man, this lunatic farmer, doesn't use any pesticides, herbicides, or genetically modified seeds. And so for that, he's called crazy by the system. I want you to know that we can all make a difference, by making different choices, by buying our food directly from local farmers or neighbors who you know in your life. Some people say organic or local food is more expensive, but is it really all these things I've been learning about the food system? It seems to me that we can either pay the farmer or we can pay the hospital. I know. No, no, definitely.