 and the opportunities and the incidents of the real world. We call this comic book Yes Is More, which is obviously a sort of evolution of the ideas of some of our heroes. In this case, it's this fellow always less is more. He triggered the modernist revolution. After him followed the postmodern counter revolution, Robert Venturi saying, Yes Is a Ball. After him Philip Johnson sort of introduced, you could say, promiscuity or at least openness to new ideas where I'm a whole. Recently Obama has introduced optimism at the sort of time of global financial crisis. And what we'd like to say with Yes Is More is basically trying to question this idea that the architectural avant-garde is almost always negatively defined as who or what we are against. The key share of the radical architect is this sort of angry young man revealing against the establishment of this idea of the misunderstood genius frustrated that the world doesn't fit in with his or her ideas. Rather than revolution, we much more interested in evolution, this idea that things gradually evolved by adapting and improvising to the changes of the world. In fact, I actually think that Darwin is one of the people who best explains our design process. His famous evolutionary tree could almost be a diagram of the way we work. As you can see, a project evolves through a series of generations of design meetings. At each meeting, there's way too many ideas, only the best ones can survive. And through a process of sort of architectural selection, we might choose a really beautiful model. Or we might sort of have a very functional model. We made to them. They have sort of new terms offspring. And through these sort of generations of design meetings, we arrive at a design. A very little way of showing it is a project we did for a library and a hotel in Copenhagen. The design process was like really tough, almost like a struggle for survival. But sort of gradually an idea evolved. This sort of idea of a rational tower that melts together with the surrounding city. Sort of expanding the public space onto what we refer to as a Scandinavian version of the Spanish steps in Rome. But sort of public on the outside as well as on the inside with the library. But Darwin doesn't only explain the evolution of a single idea. As you can see, sometimes a subspecies branches off. And quite often we sit in a design meeting and we discover that there's this great idea. It doesn't really work in this context. But for another client in another culture, it could be the right answer to a different question. So as a result, we never throw anything out. We keep our office almost like an archive of architectural biodiversity. You never know when you might need it. And what I'd like to do now in a sort of act of sort of warp speed storytelling is tell the story of how two projects evolved by adapting and sort of improvising to the happenstance of the world. The first story starts last year when we went to Shanghai to do the competition for the Danish National Pavilion for the World Explore in 2010.