 We don't actually solve all problems. And if we do not, the question I think we need to ask ourselves, and that's why it's on the economy session, is to say, if we don't do all things, we really have to start asking ourselves which ones should we solve first. And that's the question I would like to ask you, if we had, say, 50 billion dollars over the next four years to spend to do good in this world, we should be spending. We identify 10 of the biggest challenges in the world, just briefly reap and climate change communities, diseases, conflicts, education, financial instability, governance, corruption, malnutrition, and hunger, population migration, sanitation, water, and subsidies, and trade barriers. We believe that these in many ways encompass the biggest problems in the world. The obvious question would be to ask, what do you think are the biggest things? Where should we start on solving these problems? But that's a long problem to ask. That was actually the problem those asked them in Davison, January. But of course there's a problem in asking people to focus on problems, because we can't solve problems. Early the biggest problem we have in the world is that we all die, but we don't have a technology to solve that, right? So the point is not to prioritize problems, but the point is to prioritize solutions to problems. That would be, of course that gets a little more complicated, to climate change, that would be like Kyoto, to community, diseases, it might be health clinics or mosquito nets, it might be the U.N. peacekeeping forces, and so on. The point that I would like to ask you to try to do, is just in 30 seconds, I know there's a sense of impossible task, right down what you think is probably some of the top priorities. And also, and that's of course where economics gets evil, to put down what other things we should not do first. What should be the bottom of the list? Please, just take 30 seconds, perhaps talk to your neighbor and just figure out what should be the top priorities and the bottom priorities of the solutions that we have to the world biggest issues. The amazing part of this process, and of course, I mean, I would love to, I only have 18 minutes, I've already given you a participatory stand for my time, right? I'd love to go into and get you to think about this process, and that's actually what we did, and I also, the strong encouragement, I'm sure, we'll also have these discussions afterwards, to think about how do we actually prioritize? We have to ask is why on earth was such a list never done before? And one reason is that prioritization is incredibly uncomfortable. Nobody wants to do this. Of course, every organization would love to be in the top of such a list, but every organization would also hate to be not in the top of the list, and since there are many more, not number one spots on the list than there is number one. It makes perfect sense not to want to do such a list. We've had the UN for almost 60 years, yet we've never actually made a fundamental list of all the big things that we can do in the world and said which of them should we do first? So it doesn't mean that we are not prioritizing any decision as a prioritization, so of course we're still prioritizing if only implicitly and that's unlikely to be as good as if we actually did the prioritization.