 giant sexist conspiracy. You know, these people aren't that smart. There's there's six billion dollars on the table. You know, they would go for it if they could figure out how. So what is the deal here? And as we thought about our goals, I should say that intervals really a humanistic institution in the classical sense that humanism at its best finds a way to combine clear-eyed empirical research with a set of core values that fundamentally love and respect people. You know, the basic idea of humanism is the improvable quality of life that we can do good things, that there are things worth doing because they're good things to do, and that clear-eyed empiricism can help us figure out how to do them. So contrary to popular belief there is not a conflict of inference between empiricism and values, and interval research is kind of a living example of how that can be true. So David and I decided to go find out through the best research we can muster. Why did we take to get a little girl to put her hands on a computer to achieve a level of comfort and ease with the technology that little boys have because they play video games? We spent two and a half years conducting research. We spent another year and a half in advanced development. Then we formed Spinoff Company. In the research phase of the project at interval, we partnered with a company called Cheskin Research, and these people, Davis, Mass and Christopher Ireland changed my mind entirely about what market research was and what it could be. They taught me how to look and see, and they did not do the incredible stupid thing of seeing to a child of all these things we already make you. Which do you lack vast? Which gives you zero answer that's usable. So what we did for the first two and a half years was four things. We did an extensive review of the literature and related fields like cognitive psychology, spatial cognition, gender studies, play theory, sociology, primatology. Thank you, Franz Deval wherever you are. I love you and I give anything to meet you. After we had done that with a pretty large team of people and discover what we thought the salient issues were with girls and boys and playing because after all that's really what this is about. We moved to the second phase of our work where we interviewed adult experts in academia, some of the people who produced literature that we found relevant and also we did focus groups of people who are on the ground with kids every day like playground supervisors talked about. Confirmed some hypotheses, identified some serious questions about gender difference in play. Then we did what I consider to be the heart of the work. We interviewed 1100 children, boys and girls, ages 7 to 12, all over the United States except for Silicon Valley, Boston and Austin because we