 trying to do is bring all of the works knowledge to as many people as want to read it. And the idea of using technology is perfect for us. I think we have the opportunity to one up the Greeks. It's not easy to one up the Greeks. But with the industriousness of the Egyptians, they were able to build a library of Alexandria, the idea of copy of every book of all the peoples of the world. Problem was, you actually had to go to Alexandria to go to Alexandria. On the other hand, if you did, think great things happened. I think we can one up the Greeks and achieve something. And I'm going to try to argue only one point today. The universal access to all knowledge is within our grasp. So if I'm successful, you'll actually come only think, yeah, we could actually achieve the great vision of everything ever published, everything that was ever meant for distribution, available to anybody in the world that's ever wanted to have access to. Yes, there's issues about how money should be distributed. And that's still being re-figured out. But I'd say there's plenty of money and there's plenty of demand so we can actually achieve that. But I'm going to go over the technological social and sort of where are we as a whole, trying to get to that vision. And the way I'm going to try to do this is do it like the Amazon.com website. The books, music, video, and just go step media type by media type to go and say, all right, how are we doing on this? So if we start with books, where are we? Well, first you have to, as an engineer, scope a problem. How big is it? If you wanted to put all of the published works online so that anybody can have it available, well, how big a problem is it? Well, we don't really know. But the largest print library in the world is the Library of Congress. It's 26 million volumes, 26 million volumes. It's by far and away the largest print library in the world. And a book, if you had a book, is about a megabyte. So if you had it in Microsoft Word, so a megabyte, 26 million megabytes is 26 terabytes, megagigin terral. 26 terabytes. 26 terabytes fits in a computer system that's about this big on spinning, spinning when extra. And it costs about $60,000. So for the cost of a house or around here, a garage, you can have spinning all of the words in the Library of Congress. That's pretty neat. And the question is, what do you get? Is it worth trying to get there? Do you actually want it online? Some of the first things people do is they make book readers that allow you to search inside the books. And that's kind of fun. And you can download these things and look around them in new and different ways. And you can get at them remotely if you happen to have a laptop. There's starting to be some of these sort of page-tourney interfaces that look a whole lot like books in certain ways. And you can search and make little tabs. And it's kind of cute, still very book-like.