 Atlas. You get some sense of the size, you can just see these EU standard size people on the nation. You get some sense of the size 44 meters wide, 22 meters in diameter, 7,000 tons. And we recreate the conditions that were present, less than a billion per second after the universe began up to 600 million times a second inside that detector. I meant numbers. And if you see those metal bits there, there's a huge magnet that bend electrically charged particles so we can measure how fast they're traveling. This is a picture about a year ago, those magnets are in there and again, an EU standard size real person. So you get some sense of the scale. And it's in there those mini big bangles will be created sometime in the summer this year. And actually this morning I got an email saying that we've just finished today building the last piece of Atlas. So as of today, it's finished. I'd like to say that I planned that for Ted, but I didn't. So it's been completed as of today. Yeah, it's a wonderful achievement. So you might be asking why? Why create the conditions that were present less than a billion per second after the universe began? Well, particle physicists are nothing if not ambitious. And the aim of particle physics is to understand what everything's made of and how everything sticks together. And by everything, I mean, of course, me and you, the earth, the sun, the hundred billion suns in our galaxy, and the hundred billion galaxies in the observable universe, absolutely everything. And you might say, well, okay, but why not just look at it? You know, if you want to know what I'm made of, let's look at me. Well, we found that as you look back in time, the universe gets hotter and hotter, denser and denser, and simpler and simpler. Now, there's no real reason that I'm aware of that, but that seems to be the case. So way back in the early time to the universe, we believe it was very simple and understandable. All this complexity, all the way to these wonderful things, human brains, there are a property of an old, cold, and complicated universe. Back at the start in the first billion, the second we believe, or we've observed, it was very simple. It's almost like you imagine a snowflake in your hand, and you look at it, and it's incredibly complicated, beautiful object. But as you heat it up, if you melt into a pool of water, and you would be able to see that actually, it was just made of H2O water. So in that same sense, that we look back in time to understand what the universe has made of. And as of today, it's made of these things, just 12 particles of matter, stuck together by four forces of nature. The quarks, these pink things are the things that make up protons and neutrons that make the atomic nuclei in your body. The electron, the thing that goes around the atomic nucleus, held around, in orbit, by the way, by the electromagnetic force, carried by this thing, the photon.