 the story, I want people to see what's happening underwater, both the horror and the magic. First story that I did for National Geographic where I recognized the ability to include environmental issues within a natural history coverage was a story I proposed on heart seals. Now the story I wanted to do initially was just a small focus to look at the few weeks each year where these animals migrate down from the Canadian Arctic to the Gulf of St. Lawrence in Canada to engage in courtship, mating and to have their pups. Now all of this is played out against the backdrop of transient pack ice that moves with wind and tide. And because I'm an underwater photographer I wanted to do this story from both above and below to make pictures like this, to show one of these little pups making its very poor swim in the icy 29 degree water. But as I got more involved in the story, I realized that there were two big environmental issues I couldn't ignore. The first was that these animals continue to be hunted, killed with hack-up heck set about 8-15 days old. It actually is the largest marine mammal slaughter on the planet with hundreds of thousands of these seals being killed every year. But as disturbing as that is, I think the bigger problem for heart seals is the loss of sea ice due to global warming. This is an aerial picture that I made that shows the Gulf of St. Lawrence during heart seal season. And even though we see a lot of ice in this picture, there's a lot of water as well, wasn't there historically. And the ice that is there is quite thin. The problem is that these pups need a stable platform of solid ice in order to nurse from their moms. They only need 12 days from the moment they're born until they're on their own. But if they don't get 12 days, they fall into the ocean and die. This is a photo that I made showing one of these pups that's only about five or seven days old still has a little bit of the umbilical cord on its belly that has fallen in because of thin ice. And the mother is frantically trying to push it up to breathe and to get it back to stable purchase. This problem has continued to grow each year. Since I was there, I read that last year the pup mortality rate was 100 percent in parts of the Gulf of St. Lawrence. So clearly, this species has a lot of problems going forward. This ended up becoming a cover story in the National Geographic. And it received quite a bit of attention. And with that, I saw the potential to begin doing other stories about ocean problems. So I proposed a story on the global fish crisis in part because I had personally witnessed a lot of degradation in the ocean over the last 30 years. But also because I read a scientific paper that stated that 90 percent of the big fish in the ocean disappeared in the last 50 or 60 years. These are the tune of the Billfish and the Sharks. And when I read that, I was blown away by those numbers. I thought this was going to be headline news in every media album. But it really wasn't. So I wanted to do a story that was a very different kind of underwater story. I wanted it to be more like war photography where I was making harder hitting pictures that showed readers what was happening to marine wildlife around the planet. The first component of this story that I thought was essential, however, was to give readers a sense of appreciation for the ocean animals that they were eating. And I think people go into a restaurant and somebody orders a steak and we all know where a steak comes from and somebody orders a chicken and we know what a chicken is.