 stuff and then you go to these toy companies and there's some guy across the table and they go pass, pass, pass. You know, you think it's so cool that they, anyway, made this little tape that I had always show when I go in. This is the name of my company giving for us. So I used to work at Mattel actually. And after I left Mattel I started building up all these hamburger makers and they got the license to make the makers. So this is a hamburger maker that you take to feed the better and stuff and put it in there and it makes, and this is a French fry maker, a little tiny food you can eat. It might be a possible maker to make that. Then this is a nugget to make the right thing. Now that's a nugget maker and this is my oldest daughter making a cappuccine pie. Make pie and cinnamon and sugar and then you suck, you eat, you eat. She's about 300 pounds now. She's not, she's beautiful. This is how they look when they came out at the end. This is like a $15 million line and it got me through some, I didn't make any royals in time there. Next is a compilation of a bunch of stuff. Oh, the Mitchell home launchers didn't get sold. This is a squishy head for no apparent reason. This is some effects that I did for a weight well in roll. It was a robot IT. It was pulling the back. I paid the rent a lot of money. This is a walking barbie. I said, oh, this is it and they go, oh, that's really nice. So this is the fighting robots. I thought everyone's wanting. They can get back up, you know, wouldn't it? Cool and they made that toy and they brought it like a hot box. That's pretty cool. This is how we're doing. She's like that's in my little pubs saying if this is really crap, it does pretty good. I'm using little phone connectors to make them so they can spin. And there's some, it's how they see I have those album thing. This is a clay maker. You know, I said, I went to, I went to, you know, play, though, and I said, look, I can animate this and talk to us about clay. And then I made a Lego animator. I thought this would be so great. And you know, Lego don't take Lego. It's a Lego. That's the end. They know everything. Then I started doing animatronics, right? I love dinosaurs. I mean, the film business was kind of an actually Nicholas Fieger probably saw this when I was like 12. And they said, no, you have to make two and they have to place, you know, because how why would kid want a dinosaur? This is me using solid or 3 studio back in the 80s. This is how we use this. This is how we use this. That's how younger senior cousins navigate this. This is a second-year-old. This is a second-year old boy. He's also a bell. He had my first software launcher and we had a clay tower chair. I, my career based in Peace here. And in the back or phone score cut out, we have our here. Okay, so this is MET going to a windshield wiper motor.