 and we have passions and we have visions and somehow we get those things crushed. And we get told that we need to study harder or be more focused or get a tutor. And my parents got me a tutor in French and I still suck in French. Two years ago I was the highest rated lecturer at MIT's Entrepreneur Amasters program. And it was a speaking event in front of groups of entrepreneurs from around the world. When I was in grade two, I won a citywide speaking competition. But nobody had ever said, hey, this kid's a good speaker. He can't focus, but he loves walking around and getting people energized. No one said, get him a coach and speaking. They said, get me a tutor and what I suck out. So as kids show these traits and we need to start looking for them, I think we should be raising kids to be entrepreneurs instead of lawyers. And unfortunately, the school system is grooming this world to say, hey, let's be a lawyer. Let's be a doctor. We're missing that opportunity because no one ever says, hey, be an entrepreneur. Entrepreneurs are people, because we have a lot of them in this room, who have these ideas and these passions to see these needs in the world. And we decide to stand up and do it. And we put everything on the line to make that stuff happen. And we have the ability to get those groups to people around us and want to kind of build that dream with us. And I think if we could get kids to embrace the idea at a young age of being entrepreneurial, we could change everything in the world. It's a problem today. Every problem that's out there, somebody has the idea for it. And as a young kid, nobody can say it can't happen, because you're too dumb to realize that you couldn't figure it out. I think we have an obligation as parents and society to start teaching our kids to fish instead of giving them the fish. Though, parable, if you give them a fish, you feed them for a day, you teach them to fish, feed them for a lifetime. If we can teach our kids to become entrepreneurial, the ones that show those traits to be, like we teach the ones who have science, gifts, to go on in science, what about who saw the ones that are entrepreneurial traits and talking to entrepreneurs? We could actually have all these kids spreading businesses instead of waiting for government handouts. What we do is we sit and we teach our kids all the things they shouldn't do. Don't get, don't fight, don't square. Right now, we teach our kids to go after really good jobs. You know, the school system teaches them to go after things like being a doctor and being a lawyer and an accountant and a dentist and a teacher and a pilot. And the media says that it's really cool if we can go out and be a model or a singer or a sports hero, like O'Longa, a prozby. Our MBA programs do not teach kids to be entrepreneurs. The reason that I avoided an MBA program, other than the fact that I couldn't bend to any, to say this is 61% average at a high school, and 61% average at the only school in Canada except for me, probably. But our MBA programs don't teach kids to be entrepreneurs. They teach them to go work in corporations. So who's starting these companies? It's these random few people. Even in popular literature, the only book I've ever found, and this should be on all of your reading lists, the only book I've ever found that makes the entrepreneur into the hero is Atlas Shrugged. Everything else in the world tends to look at entrepreneurs and say that we're bad people. I look at even my family, my both my grandfather's entrepreneurs, my dad's entrepreneurs, both my brother and sister, and I all three of us own companies as well. And we all decided to start these things, because it's really the only place we fit.