 architects seem to think that when you design you design a jewel and it's a jewel that you try and crave for. Whereas I felt that when you design you either improve or you create a detriment to the community in which you're designing in. So you're not just doing a building for the residents or for the people are going to use it, but for the community as a whole. And in 1999 we started by responding to the issue of the housing crisis for returning refugees in Kosovo. And I didn't know what I was doing like I say mid-twenties and I'm the internet generation. So we started a website, we put a call out there and to my surprise in a couple of months we had hundreds of entries from around the world. That led to a number of prototypes being built and really experimenting with some ideas. Two years later we started doing a project on developing mobile health clinics in Sub-Saharan Africa, responding to the HIV-AIDS pandemic. That led to 550 entries from 53 countries. We also have designers from around the world that participate and we had an exhibit of work that that followed that. 2004 was a tipping point for us. We started responding to natural disasters and getting involved in Iran and BAM also following up on our work in Africa, working within the United States. Most people look at poverty and they see the face of a foreigner. But go live, I live in Bozmer Montana and go up to the North Plains on the reservations or go down to Alabama or Mississippi Preca Trina. And I could have shown you places that have far worse conditions in many developing countries I've been to. So we got involved in and work in the cities and elsewhere and then also I will go into some more project. 2005 Mother Nature kicked our ass. I think we can pretty much assume that 2005 was a horrific year when it comes to natural disasters. And because of the internet and because of connections to blogs and so forth within literally hours of the tsunami we were already raising funds, getting involved, working with people on the ground. We run from a couple of laptops in the first couple of days. I had 4,000 emails from people needing help. So we began to get involved in projects there and I'll talk about some others. And then of course this year we've been responding to Katrina as well as following up on a reconstruction work. So this is a brief overview. In 2004 I really couldn't manage the number of people who want to help or the number of requests that I was getting. It was all coming into my laptop and cell phone. So we decided to embrace an open, basically an open source model of business that anyone anywhere in the world could start a local chapter and they can get involved in local problems because I believe there is no such thing as utopia or problems are local or solutions are local. So and that means you know somebody who's based in Mississippi knows more about Mississippi than I do.