 Technology, entertainment and design. And she said, well, you design a story when you make it up. It's entertainment when you tell it, and you're going to use a microphone. Ah! Ah! I said, you teach, ma. Pap, they're quasi mad. The prof of wisdom, lipping from my lips like lemmings, it's not good for you. Then my pap got on there. My pap, he's one of the old souls, you know? Old human man from Kamawai. Kamawai is a problem, since Cuba is from Florida. He was born there in 1924. He grew up in a boeo of dirt floors, and the structure is the kind used by the Thainos, our old Arawak ancestors. My father is at once quick-witted, wickedly funny. And then poignancy turns on a dime and leaves you. Breakfast. Papi, help. I already heard your mother. I think she's right. After what I just told you, my whole life, my father's been there. So we talked for a few minutes, and he said, why didn't you tell him what you believed? I love that. But we don't have the time. Good storytelling is crafting a story that someone wants to listen to. Great story is the art of letting go. So I wanna tell you a little story. Remember, this tradition comes to us not from the myths of Avalon back in time, but further still, before we were scratching out these stories on papyrus, we were doing a pictographs on walls and in moist damp caves. Back then, we had an urge and need to tell the story. When Lexus wants to sell you a car, they're telling you a story. You've been watching the commercials, because every one of us has this desire for once, just once, to tell our story and have it heard. The stories you tell from stages, the stories that you may tell in a small group of people with some good wine, and the stories you tell late at night to a friend, maybe once in your life. And then there are the stories that we whisper into a stigian darkness. I'm not telling you that story. I'm telling you this, when it's called, you're gonna miss me. It's about human connection. My Cuban mother, which I just briefly introduced you to in that short character sketch, came to the United States a thousand years ago. I was born in 19, I forget. And I came to this country with them in the United States.