 What he understood was that biological diversity, crop diversity, is the biological foundation of agriculture. It's the raw material, the stuff of evolution in our agricultural crops, not a trivial matter. And he also understood that that foundation was crumbling, literally crumbling, that indeed a mass extinction was underway in our fields, in our agricultural system. And that this mass extinction was taking place with very few people noticing and even fewer caring. Now, I know that many of you don't stop to think about diversity in agricultural systems and let's face it, that's logical. You don't see it in the newspaper every day. And when you go into the supermarket, you certainly don't see a lot of choices there. You see apples that are red, yellow and green and that's about it. So let me show you a picture of one form of diversity. Here's some beans and they're about 35 or 40 different varieties of beans on this picture. Now imagine each one of these varieties is being distinct from another about the same way as a poodle from the Great Dane. If I wanted to have, show you a picture of all the dog breeds in the world. And I put 30 or 40 of them on a slide, we would take about 10 slides because they're about 400 breeds of dogs in the world. But they're about 35 to 40,000 different varieties of beans. So if I were going to show you all the beans in the world and I had a slide like this and I switched it every second, we would take up my entire TED talk. And I wouldn't have to say anything. But the interesting thing is that this diversity and tragic thing is that this diversity is being lost. We have about 200,000 different varieties of wheat and we have about two to 400,000 different varieties of rice but it's being lost. And I want to give you an example of that. It's a bit of a personal example in fact. In the United States in the 1800s, that's where we have the best data. Others and gardeners were growing 7,100 named varieties of apples. Imagine 7,100 apples with names. Today, 6,800 of those are extinct. No longer to be seen again. I used to have a list of these extinct apples and when I would go out and give a presentation I would pass the list out in the audience. I wouldn't tell them what it was. It was an alphabetical order and I would tell them to look for their names, their family names, their mother's maiden name. And at the end of this speech I would ask how many people have found a name. And I had never had fewer than 2 thirds of an audience hold up their hand. And I said you know what?