 together. So in order to give you some kind of a perspective of where we are right now with surgical robots and where we're going to be going in the future, I want to give you a little bit of perspective of how we've got to this point. How we even came to believe that surgery was okay. For this was something that was possible to do, that this kind of cutting and reforming was okay. So a little bit of perspective, about 10,000 years of perspective. So this is a trefinated skull and trefination is simply just cutting a hole in the skull. And many, many hundreds of skulls like this have been found in archaeological sites all over the world dating back five to 10,000 years. Five to 10,000 years. Now imagine this. You are a healer in a stonage village and you have some guy that you're not quite sure what's wrong with him. Alder-Sex is going to be born way in the future. He's got some seizure disorder and you don't understand this but you think to yourself, not quite sure what's wrong with this guy, but maybe he's like, cut a hole in his head, I can fix it. Now that surgical thinking, now we've got the dawn of interventional surgery here. What is astonishing about this is even though we don't know really how much of this was intended to be religious or how much of it was intended to be therapeutic, what we can tell is that these patients lived. Judging by the healing on the borders of these holes, they the days, months, years following trefination. And so what we're seeing is evidence of a refined technique that was being handed down over thousands and thousands of years all over the world. This arose independently at sites everywhere that had no communication to one another. We really are seeing the dawn of interventional surgery. Now we can fast forward many thousands of years into the Bronze Age and beyond and we see new refined tools coming out but surgeons in these areas are a little bit more conservative than their bold trefinating ancestors. These guys confined their surgery to fairly superficial injuries and surgeons were tradesmen rather than physicians. This persisted all the way into and through the Renaissance that may have saved the writers but it didn't really save the surgeons terribly much. They were still a mistrusted lot. Surgeons still had a bit of a PR problem because the landscape was dominated by the itinerant barber surgeon. These were folks that traveled from village to village, town to town doing surgery sort of as a form of performance art. Because we're in the age before anesthesia and the agony of the patient is really as much of the public spectacle as the surgery itself. One of the most