 into any paper towel or embodied water. And every time I use a paper towel, I am using this much virtual energy and water, wipe it up totally. Now, if I compare that to a cotton towel that I can use a thousand times, I don't have a whole lot of embodied energy until I wash that yogurt-y towel. This is now operating energy. So if I throw my towel on the washing machine, I've now put energy and water back into that towel. Unless I use a front-loading high efficiency washing machine, and then it looks a little bit better. But what about a recycled paper towel that comes in these little hot sheets? Well, now paper towel looks better. Screwed paper towels. Let's go to a sponge. I wipe it with a sponge and I put it under the running water, and I have a lot less energy and a lot more water. Unless you're like me and you leave the handle in the position of the hot, even when you turn it on, and then you start to use more energy. Or worse, you let it run until it's warm to rinse out your towel. And now all bets are off. So what this says is that sometimes the things that you least expect, the position in which you put the handle, have a bigger effect than any of those other things that you were trying to optimize. Now imagine someone has twisted as me trying to build a house. So that's what my husband and I are doing right now. And so we wanted to know how green could be. And there's a thousand and a half articles out there telling us how to make all these green trade-offs. And they are just as suspect and telling us to optimize these little things around the edges and missing the elephant in the living room. Now the average house has about 300 megawatt hours of embodied energy in it. This is the energy it takes to make it. Millions and millions of paper towels. We wanted to know how much better we could do. And so like many people, we start with a house on a lot. And I'm going to show you typical instruction to talk and what we're doing on the bottom. So first we demolish it. Take some energy. But if you deconstruct it, take it all apart. You use the bits. You can get some of that energy back. We then dug a big hole to put in a rainwater catchment tank to take our yard water independent. And then we poured a big foundation for passive solar. Now you can reduce the embodied energy by about 25% by using high fly ash concrete. We then put in framing. And so this is framing lumber composite materials. And it's kind of hard to get the embodied energy out of that. But it can be a sustainable resource if you use FSC certified lumber. We then go on to the first thing that was very surprising. If we put aluminum windows in this house, we would double the energy use right there. Now PVC is a little bit better, but still not as good as the wood that we chose. We then put in the plumbing, electrical, and HVAC. And insulate. Now spray foam is an extra.