 came out of there, didn't come from there. Another answer might be, well, it came from a sort of lone genius working in his garage, you working away on different kinds of bikes, comes up with a bike out of ThinAir, didn't come from there. The mountain bike came from users, came from young users, particularly a group in Northern California, who were frustrated with traditional racing bikes, which are those bikes that Eddie Merck's rode, or your big brother, and they're very glamorous. But also frustrated with the bikes he had dad rode, which sort of had big handlebars like that, and they were too heavy. So they got the frames from these big bikes, put them together with the gears from the racing bikes, got the brakes from motorcycles, and sort of mixed and matched various ingredients. And for the first, I know, three to five years of their life, mountain bikes were known as Conkers. And they were just made in a community of bikers, mainly in Northern California. And they're one of these companies that's importing parts for the Conkers decided to set up in business, start selling them to other people, and gradually another company emerged out of that and they're in. And it probably were inside of them, 10, maybe even 15 years before the big bike companies realized there was a market. 30 years later, mountain bike sales and mountain bike equipment account for 65% of bike sales in America. That's $58 billion. This is a category entirely created by consumers that would not have been created by the mainstream bike market, because they couldn't see the need, the opportunity, they didn't have the incentive to innovate. The one thing I think I disagree with about your Kai's presentation is when he said, the internet causes this distributed capacity for innovation to come alive. It's when the internet combines with these kinds of passionate pro-AM consumers who are knowledgeable, they've got the incentive to innovate, they've got the tools, they want to, that you get this kind of explosion of creative collaboration. And out of that, you get the need for the kind of things that Jimmy was talking about, which are our new kinds of organization, or a better way to put it, how do we organize ourselves without organizations? That's now possible. You don't need an organization to be organized, to achieve large and complex tasks like innovating new software programs. So this is a huge challenge to the way we think creativity comes about. The traditional view, still enshrined in much of the way that we think about creativity, in organizations, in government, is that creativity is about special people, where baseball caps are all the way around, come to conferences like this. In special places, elite universities, R&D labs in the forest, water, maybe special rooms and companies, painted funny colors, bean bags, maybe the table's football table. Special people, special places, think of special ideas. Then you have a pipeline that