 That's the percentage we recycle. Now melting point has a lot to do with this. Plastic is not purified by the remelting process like glass and metal. It begins to melt below the boiling point of water and does not drive off oily contaminants for which it is a sponge. Half of each year's 100 billion pounds of thermoplastic pellets will be made into fast-track trash. A large unruly fraction of our trash will flow down rivers to the sea. Here is the accumulation of Bionic Creek next to the L.A. airport. And here is the floats of near California State University Long Beach and the D-Syle Plant we visited yesterday. In spite of the positives, much of this trash leading out to the sea will be plastic beverage bottles. We use 2 million of them in the United States every 5 minutes. Here imaged by Ted Presenter Chris Jordan who artfully documents mass consumption and zooms in for more detail. Here is a remote island repository for bottles off the coast of Baja California. Easeless and Roque is an uninhabited bird-recarry off Baja's sparsely populated central coast. Notice that the bottles here have caps on them. Bottles made of polyethylene tarathalate PET will sink in sea water and not make it this far from civilization. Also, the caps are produced in separate factories from a different plastic polypropylene. They will float in sea water but unfortunately do not get recycled under the bottle bills. Let's trace the journey of the millions of caps that make it to sea solo. After a year, the ones from Japan are heading straight across the Pacific while ours get caught in the California Current and first head down to the latitude of Cabo San Lucas. After 10 years, a lot of the Japanese caps are in what we call the Eastern garbage patch while ours litter the Philippines. After 20 years, we see emerging the debris accumulation zone of the North Pacific Gire. It so happens that millions of albatross nesting on Curey and Midway appalls in the Northwest Hawaiian Islands National Monument forage here and scavenged whatever they can find for regurgitation to their chicks. A four months old, Laysan albatross chick died with this in its stomach. Hundreds of thousands of the goose-sized chicks are dying with stomachs full of bottle caps in other rubbish like cigarette lighters. But mostly bottle caps, sadly their parents mistake bottle caps for food tossing about in the ocean surface. The retainer rings for the caps also have consequences for aquatic animals. This is May West, still alive at a zookeeper's home in New Orleans. I wanted to see what my hometown of Long Beach was contributing to the problem, so on Postal Cleanup Day in 2005, I went to the Long Beach Peninsula at the east end of our Long Beach.