 business hero. I had this company that I'd spent 15 years building, it's called Future, it's a magazine publishing company to recently gone public and the market said that it was apparently worth two billion dollars. The number I didn't really understand. A magazine I recently launched called Business 2.0 was that of a telephone directory busy pumping hot air into the bubble. And you know and I was I was the 14% owner of a dot com. It was about to go public and no doubt you worked billions more. And you know all this had come from nothing 15 years earlier I was a science journalist who people just laughed at when I said you know I would like to start my own computer magazine. And you know 15 years later there are a hundred of them and 2000 people and stuff. And it was it was just such a heavy times. You know the date was February 2000. I thought the little graph of my business life kind of looked a bit like Moore's Law ever up to the right. I was going to go on forever. I mean it had to right. I was in the protest prize. The dot com ironically called Snowball was the very last consumer web company to go public the next month before Nascar Dack exploded. And I entered 18 months of business hell. And I saw I watched everything that I had built crumbling and you know look like there was all this stuff was going to die and 15 years work to come for nothing. And it was gut wrenching. You know it the first took eight eight years of blood sweat and tears to reach 350 employees something which I was very proud of in the business. February 2001 in one day laid off 350 people. And before that bloodshed was finished 1000 people had lost their jobs for my companies. No, it was not sick. I watch my own net worth falling by about a million dollars a day every day for 18 months. And worse than that, power than that, you know a sense of self-worth. It's kind of the evaporating out of going round with this big sign on my forehead, loser. And you know look it, I'll discuss to me more than anything looking back is how the hell did I let my personal happiness get some tied up with this business thing. Well in the end we were able to say future in Snowball and