 so nothing would be wasted. I was curious to find out if this was actually still the case. And I spent about three years researching and I followed this one peak with number 05049 all the way up until the end to what products it's made up. And in these years I met all kinds of people like Princess Farms and Brutches which seems logical. But I also met aluminium mold makers ammunition producers and well all kinds of people. And what was striking to me is that the farmers actually had no clue what was made of their pigs but the consumers as in us that also no idea of the pigs being in all these products. So what I did is I took all this research and I made it into a well basically this product catalog of this one peak and it carries the duplicate of the ear tag on the back. And it consists of seven chapters. The chapters are skin bones, meat, internal organs, blood fat and miscellaneous. In total they weigh 103.7 kilograms and to show you how often you actually meet parts of this big in a regular day I want to show you some images of the book. You probably start the day with a shower so in so fatty acids made from boiling pork bone fat are used as a hardening agent but also for giving it a real like effect. Then if you look around you in the bathroom you see lots more products like shampoo, conditioner and to wrinkle cream and body lotion but also toothpaste. Then so before breakfast you've already met the pigs so many times. Then I breakfast the pig that I followed the hairs of the pigs were proteins from the hairs of the pig were used as an improver of dough. Well that's what the producer says it's improving. In low fat butter are actually in many low fat products when you take the fat out you actually take the taste and the texture so what they do is they put gelatin back in in order to retain the texture. Well when you're off to work under the road or under the buildings that you see they might very well be cellular concrete which is a very light kind of concrete that's actually got proteins from bones inside and it's also fully reused. In the train breaks at least in the German train breaks there's this part of the break that's made of bone ash and in cheesecake and all kinds of desserts like chocolate mousse, terribly soon vanilla pudding everything that's cooled in the supermarket there's gelatin to make it look good. Fine bone china this is a real classic because the bone in fine bone china gives it its translucency and also its strength in order to make these really fine shapes like this there. In interior decorating the pig's actually quite there it's used in paint for the texture but also for the glossiness.