 for such a diverse and robust conversation. It's really amazing. In the audience, I'm a writer, and I've been watching people with slideshows and scientists and bankers, and I've been feeling a bit like a gangster rapper at about Mitzvah. I think whatever I got to say about all this. And I was watching Jane yesterday and I thought it was really great. As watching those incredible slides of the chimpanzees and I thought, wow, what is a chimpanzee could talk, no? What would it say? My first thought was, well, you know, there's George Bush, but then I thought, why be rude to chimpanzees? So, I guess that goes my green card. There's been a lot of talk about narrative in Africa. And what's become increasingly clear to me is that we're talking about news stories about Africa. We're not really talking about African narratives. And it's important to make a distinction because if the news is anything to go by, 40% of Americans can either count afford health insurance or have the most inadequate health insurance, have a president who despite the protest of millions of his citizens, even his own Congress, continues to prosecute a census wall. So if news is anything to go by, the US is right there with Zimbabwe, which it isn't really is it? And talking about war, my girlfriend has this great t-shirt that says, bombing for peace is like fucking for virginity. The truth is Americans, everything we know about American, everything Americans come to know about being American isn't from the news. We don't go home at the end of a damn thing. Why I really know who I am now because the Wall Street Journal says the stock exchange closed at these many points. What we know about how to be who we are comes from stories, the novels, the movies, the fashion magazines, it comes from popular culture. In other words, it's the agents of our imagination who really shape who we are. And this is important to remember because in Africa, the complicated questions we want to ask about what all of this means has been asked from the rock paintings of the sand people through the Sunjata epics of Mali to modern contemporary literature. If you want to know about Africa, read our literature and not just things fall apart. It's that would be like saying, I've read Gone With The Wind and so on everything about America. It's very important. There's a poem by Jack Gilbert called the forgotten dialect of the heart. He says when the Sumerian tablets were first