 graphic work. This is an image I just recently completed that is when you stand back at a distance, it looks like some kind of neogoffic cartoon image of a factories viewing out pollution. And as you get a little bit closer, it starts looking like lots of pipes, like maybe a chemical plant or a refinery or maybe a hellish freeway interchange. And as you get all the way up close, you realize that it's actually made of lots and lots of plastic cups. And in fact, this is one million plastic cups, which is the number of plastic cups that are used on airline flights in the United States every six hours. We use four million cups a day on airline flights and virtually none of them are reused or recycled. They just don't do that in that industry. Now that number is dwarfed by the number of paper cups we use every day. And that is 40 million cups a day for hot beverages, most of which is coffee. I couldn't fit 40 million cups on a canvas, but I was able to put 410,000. That's what 410,000 cups looks like. That's 15 minutes of our cup consumption. And if you could actually stack up that many cups in real life, that's the size it would be. And there's an hour's worth of our cups. And there's days with our cups. You still see the little people way down there. That's as high as a 42-story building. And I put the statue of liberty in there as scale reference. Speaking of justice, there's another phenomenon going on in our culture that I find deeply troubling. And that is that America right now has the largest percentage of its population in prison of any country on earth. One out of four people, one out of four humans in prison are Americans in prison in our country. And I wanted to show the number. The number is 2.3 million Americans were incarcerated in 2005. And that's gone up since then, but we don't have the numbers yet. So I wanted to show 2.3 million prison uniforms. And in the actual print of this piece, each uniform is the size of a nickel on its edge. They're tiny. They're barely visible as a piece of material. And to show 2.3 million of them required a canvas that was larger than any printer in the world would print. And so I had to divide it up into multiple panels that are 10 feet tall by 25 feet wide. This is that piece installed in a gallery in New York. Those are my parents looking at the piece. Every time I look at this piece, I always wonder if my mom's whisked me to my dad. He finally folded his laundry. I want to show you some pieces now that are about addiction. And this particular one is about cigarette addiction. I wanted to make a piece that shows the actual number of Americans who die from cigarette smoking. More than 400,000 people die in the United States every year from smoking cigarettes. And so this piece is made up of lots and lots of boxes of cigarettes. And as you slowly step back, you see that it is a painting by Van Gogh called Skull with cigarette. It's a strange thing to think about that unknowingly