 impacted the way we think about Ted's future and perhaps the world's future overall. So let's explore. The story starts with just a single person, a child behaving a little strangely. This kid's no-one-line is a little demon. He's doing tricks here, dance tricks, there's probably no six-year-old in history ever managed before. How did he learn them? And what drove him to spend the hundreds of hours of practice? This must have taken. So that was sent me by this man, a filmmaker Jonathan Chu. Who told me that was the moment? He realized that internet was causing a dance to evolve. This is what he said at Ted in February. In essence, dancers were challenging each other online to get better. Incredible new dance skills were being invented. Even the six-year-olds were joining in. It felt like a revolution. So John had a brilliant idea. He went out to recruit the best of the best dancers off of YouTube to create this dance troupe, the league of extraordinary dancers, the L.H.D. But these kids were web-taught. They were so good they got to play the Oscars here. And at Ted here in February, their passion brilliance just took our breath away. So this story of the evolution of dance seems strange and familiar. A while after Ted talk started taking off, we noticed that speakers were starting to spend a lot more time in preparation. It was resulting in incredible new talks like these two. Months of preparation crammed into 18 minutes, raising the bar cruelly to the next generation of speakers. With the effects that we've seen this week. It's not as if JJ and Jill actually ended their talk saying step your game up, but they might as well have. So in both of these cases, you've got these cycles of improvement apparently driven by people watching web video. What is going on here? Well, I think it's a later situation. A phenomenon that you can call crowd-accelerated innovation. And there are just three things you need for this thing to kick and begin. You can think of them as three dials and a giant wheel. Turn up the dials, the wheel starts to turn. And the first thing you need is a crowd. Group of people who share common interest. The bigger the crowd, the more potential innovators there are. That's important. But actually most people in the crowd occupy these other roles. They're creating the ecosystem from which innovation emerges. The second you need is light. You need clear open visibility of what the best people in that crowd are capable of. Because that is how you will learn how you will be empowered to participate. And third, you need design.