 understand not only why it's important where it's going but also very important when the timing is everything. And it's interesting when you look at the predictions made during the peak of the boom in the 1990s about e-commerce or internet traffic or broadband adoption or internet advertising, they were all right. It was just wrong in time. Almost every one of those has come true just a few years later. But the difference of a few years on stock market valuations is obviously extreme. And that's why timing is everything. You've probably seen something like this before. This is the classic Gardner hype curve which talks about kind of the trajectory of the technology's lifespan. And just for fun we put a bunch of technologies on it to show whether it were kind of rising for the first type peak or whether they were about to crash into the the the traffic disillusionment or rise back in the slope and enlightenment or etc. And this is one way to do technology forecasting. Get a sense of where technology is and then anticipate the next step turn. We tend to do any technology that we think is sufficiently important. We'll typically do it twice. Once we want to do it first. We want to be the first to do it for the geek so appreciate that. We'll catch it right there at the technology trigger. You can see in 1997 we put Linux on the cover. But then it comes back. And sufficiently big technologies are going to hit the mainstream. They're going to burst out. And then it's time to do it again. And that's one way that we try to time technology trends. I'd like to talk about a way of thinking about technology trends that I call my grand unified theory of predicting the future fights closer to a petite unified theory of predicting the future. It's based on the presumption the observation even that all important technologies go through four stages in their life. At least one of one of the four stages, sometimes all four of the stages. And at each one of these stages can be seen as a collision. A collision with something else. For example, a critical price line. The change is both the technology and also changes the fact on the world is an inflection point. And these are the and these are the inflection points that tell you what the next chapter in the technology's life is going to be. And maybe how you can do something about it. The first is critical price. The first stage and technologies advance is that it will fall below a critical price. After it fall below a critical price, it will tend to successful to rise above a critical mass penetration. Many technologies at that point displace another technology. And that's another important point. And then finally, a lot of technologies can monetize towards the end of their life.