 than her husband died to leaving young sons and no money. She'd stand me in the sink to pee because there was never room in the toilet. But oh, her soap might its bitter burning have been what made me a poet. The screechy lived on was unpaved. Her flat, two cramped rooms and a fetid kitchen where she stalked and caught me. There I admit that after she did it, I never really loved her again. She lived through a hundred, even then. All along it was the sadness, the squalor. But I never, until now, loved her again. When that was published in the magazine I got a great letter from my uncle. You have my line, the great woman. It took some diplomacy. This is called the dress. It's a long upon. In those days, those days which exist for me only as the most elusive memory now, when often the first sound you hear in the morning would be a storm of bird's song then the soft cloth of the hoots of the horse hauling a milk wagon down your block. And the last sound that night as likely as not would be your father pulling up in his car, having worked late again, always late, and going heavily down to the cellar, to the furnace, to shake out the ashes and damp the draft before he came upstairs to fall into bed. In those long ago days, women, my mother, my friends' mothers, our neighbors, all the women I knew wore often much of the day, what were called house dresses, cheap, printed, pulpy, seemingly purposefully shapeless light cotton shifts that you wore over your nightgown, and you had to go look for a child, hang wash on the line, or run down to the grocery store on the corner under a coat to twist at hem of the nightgown, always like and yellow dangling beneath. More than the curler, some of the women seen constantly to have in their hair in preparation for some great event, bowl one would think, that never came to pass. More than the way most women's faces, not only were never made up during the day, but seemed scraped bleach, and with their plucked eyebrows scarily masked like. More than all that, it was those dresses that made women so unknowable and forbidding adips of enigmas to which men could have no access in boys, no conception. Only later would I see the day