 observation that citizens would not be there just to cast individual votes, but also to help ensure the sanctity of the vote overall. So this is the pattern that assumes we're all in this together. What matters here isn't technical capital. It's social capital. These tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically bored. It isn't when the shiny new tool of show up that their uses start permeating. It's when everybody is able to take them for granted. Because now that media is increasing in social, innovation can happen anywhere that people can take for granted the idea that we're all in this together. And so we're starting to see a media landscape in which innovation is happening everywhere and moving from one spot to another. That is a huge transform. Not to put too final point, the moment we're living through, the moment our historical generation is living, is the largest increase in expressive capability in human history. That's a big claim. We're going to try and back it up. There are only four periods in the last 500 years where media has changed enough to qualify for the label revolution. The first one is the famous one, the printing press, movable type oil based inks that hold complex of innovations that made printing possible and turned Europe upside down starting. Then a couple of hundred years ago, there was innovation in two way, conversationally, first telegraph, then the telephone, slow text based conversations, then real time voice based. Then about 150 years ago, there was a revolution recorded media other than first photos, then recorded sound, then movies all encoded into physical objects. Finally about 100 years ago, the harnessing of electromagnetic spectrum sends sound and images to the radio intelligence. This is the media landscape as we knew it in the 20s. This is what those of us of a certain age grew up with and are used. But this curious asymmetry, the media that's good at creating conversations is no good at creating groups and the media that's good at creating groups is no good at creating conversations. If you want to have a conversation in this world, you have it with one other person. If you want to address a group, you get the same message and you give it to everybody, whether you're doing that with a broadcasting tower or a printing press. That was the media landscape as we had in the 20s. This is what changed. This thing that looks like a peacock hit a windscreen to build chesslets map of the internet. He traces the edges of the individual networks and then colored posts. The internet is the first medium in history that has native support for groups and conversation at the same time. Where the phone gave us the one-to-one pattern and television radio magazines books gave us the one-to-many pattern.