 of letting groups communicate with each other, has fallen through the floor. And communication costs are one of the big inputs to coordination. There has been a second answer, which is to put the cooperation into the infrastructure, to design systems that coordinate the output of the group as a byproduct of the operating of the system without regard to institutional models. So that's what I want to talk about today. I'm going to illustrate it with some fairly concrete examples, but all this point into the broader themes. So I'm going to start by trying to answer a question that I know each of you will have asked yourself at some point or other, which is the Internet's purpose built to answer, which is, where can I get a picture of a roller skating mermaid? So in New York City, on the first Saturday of every summer, Coney Island, our local charmingly run down amusement park hosts the mermaid parade. It's an amateur parade. People come from all over the city. People get all dressed up. Some people get less dressed up. Young and old, dancing in the streets, colorful characters, and the good times head by all. And what I want to call your attention to is not the mermaid parade itself, charming though it is. But rather to these fogos, I didn't take them. How did I get? And the answer is I got them from Flickr. Flickr is a photo sharing service that allows people to take photos, upload them, share them over the weather. Recently, Flickr has added an additional function called tagging. Tagging is pioneered by Delicious and Joshua Shacker, which is delicious as a social bookmarking service. Tagging is a cooperative infrastructure answer to classification. If I had given this talk last year, I couldn't do what I just did, because I couldn't have found those photos. But instead of saying, we need to hire a professional class of librarians to organize these photos once they're uploaded. Flickr simply turned over to the users, the ability to characterize the photos. So I was able to go in and draw down photos that had been tagged mermaid parade. There were 3,100 photos taken by 118 photographers. All aggregated and then put under this nice neat name, shown in reverse chronological order. And I was then able to go and retrieve them to give you that little slideshow. Now, what hard problem is being solved here? And it's in the most schematic possible view. It's a coordination problem. There are a large number of people on the internet, a very small fraction of them has photos of the mermaid parade. How do we get those people together to contribute that work? The classic answer is to form an institution, right? To draw those people into some pre-arranged structure that has explicit goals. And I want to call your attention to some of the side effects of going the institutional route. First of all, when you form an institution, you take on a management problem, right? No good just hiring employees. You also have to hire other employees to manage those employees and to enforce the goals of the institution and so forth. Second of all, you have to bring structure into place. You have to have economic structure. You have to have legal structure.