 but we'll talk more about the water marks in a minute. This is a project that had its inception 15 years ago. When our team, then we called the Institute Tiger. We're involved in sequencing the first two genomes in history. It homophilous influenza, and then the smallest genome of a self-proplicated organism that of microplasma is on a tail end. And as soon as we had these two sequences, we thought if this is supposed to be the smallest genome of a self-proplicated species, could there be even a smaller genome? Could we understand the basis of cellular life at the genetic level? It's been a 15-year quest just to get to the starting point now to be able to answer those questions. Because it's very difficult to eliminate multiple genes from the cell. You can only do them one at a time. We decided early on that we had to take a synthetic root, even though nobody had been there before, to see if we could synthesize the bacterial chromosomes so we could actually vary the gene content to understand the essential genes for life. That started our 15-year quest to get here. Before we did the first experiments, we actually asked our Kaplan's team, and then at the University of Pennsylvania, to undertake a review of what the risk, the challenges, the ethics around creating new species and the laboratory work as it hadn't been done before. They spent about two years reviewing that independently and published the results in science in 1999. Ammonite took two years off as a site project to sequence the human genome. But as soon as that was done, we got back to the task at hand. In 2002, we started a new institute, the Institute for Biological Energy Alternatives, where we set up the two goals, one to understand the impact of our technology on the environment and how to understand the environment better, and two to start down this process of making synthetic life to understand basic life. In 2003, we published our first success. So, here I'm Smith and Clyde Hutchinson developed some new methods for making error-free DNA at a small level. Our first task was a 5,000-letter code bacterial fage, a virus that attacks only E. coli. So that was the Fage 5x174, which was chosen for historical reasons. It was the first DNA virus, DNA genome, that was actually sequence. So, once we realized that we could make 5,000-base-paired viral-sized pieces, we thought we at least had the means then to try it.