 or do you take your bandit off slowly? You take a long time, but each second is not as painful. Which one of those is the right approach? The nurses in my department thought that the right approach was the ripping mode. So they would grab hold and they would drip and they would grab hold and they would drip because I had 70% of my body burned it, we take about an hour. And as you can imagine, I hated that moment of ripping with incredible intensity. Now we try to reason with them and say, why don't we try something else? Why don't we take a little longer, maybe two hours instead of an hour and have less of this intensity? And the nurses told me two things. They told me that they had the right model of the patient, that they knew what was the right thing to do to minimize my pain. And they also told me that the word patient doesn't mean to make suggestions, going to fear or... This is not just in Hebrew, by the way, it's in every language I've had experience with so far. And there's not much, there wasn't much I could do and they kept on doing what they were doing. And about three years later, when I left the hospital, I started studying at the university. Once the most interesting lesson I learned, lessons, was that there is an experimental method, that if you have a question, you can create a replica of this question in some abstract way, and you can try to examine this question when you learn something about the world. So that's what I did. I was still interested in this question of how do you take bandages of burnt patients? So originally I didn't have much money, so I went to a hardware store and I bought a carpenter's vice, and I would bring people to the lab, and I would put their finger in it, and I would crunch it a little bit. Yeah, that's right. And I would crunch it for long periods, in short periods, that pain went up, and when it went down, and with breaks, and without breaks, all kinds of versions of pain. And when I finished hurting people a little bit, I would ask them, so how painful was this? So how painful was this? Or if you had to choose between the last two, which one would you choose? I kept on doing this for a while, and then like all good academic projects, I got more funding, I moved to sounds, electrical shocks. I even had the pain suits that I could get people to feel much more pain. Oh my God. But at the end of this process, what I learned was that the nurses were wrong. Here were wonderful people with good intentions and plenty of experience, and nevertheless, they were getting things wrong, predictably, all the time. It turns out that because we don't encode duration in the way that we encode intensity, I would have had let's pain, if the duration would have been longer, and the intensity was lower. It turns out it would have been better to start with my face, which was much more painful, and it's covered my legs, giving me a trend of improvement over time that would have been also less painful. And it also turns out it would have been good.