 But of course, God got a lot of help. This is the ancestor of catalysts, the oraks. And it was designed by natural selection, the process of natural selection over many millions of years. And then it became domesticated thousands of years ago. And human beings became its stewards. And without even knowing what they were doing, they gradually redesigned it and redesigned it and redesigned it. And then more recently, they really began to do reverse engineering on this beast and figure out just what the parts were, how they worked, and how they might be optimized, how they might be made better. Now why am I talking about cows? Because I want to say that much the same thing is true of religions. Religions are natural phenomena. They're just as natural as cows. They have evolved over millennia. They have a biological base just like the oraks. They have become domesticated. And human beings have been redesigning their religions for thousands of years. This is Ted. And I want to talk about design. Because what I've been doing for the last four years, really since the first time you saw me, some of you saw me at Ted when I was talking about religion. And in the last four years, I've been working just about nonstop on this topic. And you might say it's about the reverse engineering of religions. Now that very idea, I think, strikes terror in many people or anger or anxiety, once or another. And that is the spell that I want to break. I want to say no. Religions are an important natural phenomenon. We should study them with the same intensity that we study all the other important natural phenomena, like global warming, as we heard so eloquently last night from Al Gore. Today's religions are brilliantly designed. Brilliantly designed. They are immensely powerful social institutions. And many of their features can be traced back to earlier features that we can really make sense of by reverse engineering. And as with the cow, there's a mixture of evolutionary design, designed by natural selection itself and intelligent design, more or less intelligent design, and redesigned by human beings who are trying to redesign their religions. So this is, you don't do book talks at Ted. But I'm going to have this one slide about my book, because there's one message in it, which I think this group really needs to hear. And I would be very interested to get your response.