 Simple English translation, much less precise, but it captures the gist of what Bernoulli had to say was this. The expected value of any of our actions, that is, the goodness that we can count on getting, is the product of two simple things. The odds that this action will allow us to gain something and the value of that gain to us. In a sense, what Bernoulli was saying is if we can estimate and multiply these two things, we will always know precisely how we should behave. Now, this simple equation, even for those of you who don't like equations, is something that you're quite used to. Here's an example. If I were to tell you, let's play a little coin-toss game and I'm going to flip a coin and if it comes up heads, I'm going to pay you $10, but you have to pay $4 for the privilege of playing with me. Most of you would say, sure, I'll take that bet because you know that the odds of you winning are one half. The gain, if you do, is $10. That multiplies to five and that's more than I'm charging you to play. So the answer is yes, this is what statisticians technically call a damn fine bet. Now, the idea is simple when we're applying it to coin-tosses, but in fact, it's not very simple in everyday life. People are horrible at estimating both of these things and that's what I want to talk to you about today. There are two kinds of errors people make when trying to decide what the right thing is to do and those are errors in estimating the odds that they're going to succeed and errors in estimating the value of their own success. Now, let me talk about the first one first. Calculating odds would seem to be something rather easy. There are six sides to a die, two sides to a coin, 52 cards in the deck. You all know what the likelihood is of pulling the ace of spades or of flipping ahead. But as it turns out, this is not a very easy idea to apply in everyday life. That's why Americans spend more, I should say, lose more, gambling than on all forms, other forms of entertainment combined. The reason is this isn't how people do odds. The way people figure odds requires that we first talk a bit about pigs. Now, the question I'm going to put to you is whether you think there are more dogs or pigs on leashes observed in any particular day in Oxford. And of course, you all know that the answer is dogs. And the way you know that the answer is dogs is you quickly reviewed in memory. The times you've seen dogs and pigs on leashes, it was very easy to remember seeing dogs, not so easy to remember pigs. And each one of you assumed that if dogs on leashes came more quickly to your mind, then dogs on leashes are more probable. It's not a bad rule of thumb except when it is. So for example, here's a word puzzle. Are there more four letter English words with R in the third place or R in the first place? Well you check memory very briefly, make a quick scan and it's awfully easy to say to yourself, ring rang wrong and very hard to say to yourself.