 in theological seminary were told that they were going to give a practice sermon and they were each given a sermon topic. Half of those students were given as a topic, the parable of the Goodson Marathon, the man who stopped the stranger to help, the stranger in need by the side of the road. Half were given random Bible topics. Then one by one, they were told they had to go to another building and give their sermon. As they went from the first building to the second, each of them passed a man who was bent over and moaning, clearly in need. The question is, did they stop the help? More interesting question is, did it matter they were contemplating the parable of the Goodson Marathon? Answer? No. Not at all. What turned out to determine whether someone would stop and help the stranger in need was how much of a hurry they thought they were in? Were they feeling they were late? Or were they absorbed in what they were going to talk about? This is, I think, the predicament of our lives, that we don't take every opportunity to help because our focus is in the wrong direction. There's a new field in brain science, social neuroscience. The study is the circuitry in two people's brains that activates wall-they-interact. The new thinking about compassion from social neuroscience is that our default wiring is to help. That is to say, if we attend to the other person, we automatically empathize, we automatically feel with them. There are these newly identified neurons, mirror neurons, it act like a neuro-wifer. Activating an R-brain exactly the areas activated in there. We feel with, automatically. If that person is in need, if that person is suffering, we're automatically prepared to help. At least that's the argument. But then the question is, why don't we? I think this speaks to a spectrum that goes from complete self-absorption to noticing, to empathy, and to compassion. The simple fact is, if we are focused on ourselves, if we're preoccupied, as we so off an R throughout the day, we don't really fully notice the other. And this difference between the self and the other focus can be very subtle. I was doing my taxes the other day. I got to the point where I was listing all of the donations I gave. And I hadn't epiphany. I came to my check to the SAVE Foundation and I noticed that I thought, boy, my friend Larry Brilliant would really be happy that I gave money to save him. Then I realized that what I was getting from giving was a narcissistic hit that I felt good about myself. Then I started to think about the people in the Himalayas whose cataracts would be helped. And I realized that I went from this kind of narcissistic self-focus to altruistic.