 been. A space that we've never entered except in our minds, in our spirits. And I think that's really what architecture is based on. Architecture is not based on concrete and steel and the elements of the soil. It's based on wonder. And that wonder is really what has created the greatest cities, the greatest spaces that we have had. And I think that's indeed what architecture is. It is a story. By the way, it's a story that is told through its hard materials, but it is a story of an effort and struggle against improbabilities. If you think of the great buildings of the cathedral, the temples, of the pyramids, of pagodas, of cities in India and beyond, you think of how incredible this is. The dish was realized not by some abstract idea, but by people. So anything that has been made can be unmade. Anything that has been made can be made better. There it is. The things that I really believe are of important architect. These are the dimensions that I like to work with. It's something very personal. It's not perhaps that dimensions appreciate by art critics or architecture critics or city planners, but I think these are the necessary oxygen for us to live in buildings, to live in cities, to connect ourselves in a social space. And I therefore believe that optimist is what drives architecture forward. It's the only profession where you have to believe in the future. You can be a general, a politician, an economist who is depressed, a musician, in a minority, a painter in dark colors. But architecture is that complete ecstasy that the future can be better. And it is that belief that I think drives society. And today we have a kind of evangelical pessimism all around us. And yet it is in times like this that I think architecture can thrive with big ideas. Ideas that are not small. Think of the great cities. Think of the Empire State Building. The Iraqis were essentially built in times that were not really the best of times in a certain way. And yet that energy and power of architecture has driven an entire social and political space that is built exactly by. So again, I'm a believer in expressive. I have never been a fan of the neutral. I don't like neutrality in life and anything. I think expression. And it's like express or coffee. You know, take the essence of the coffee. That's what expression is. It's been missing in much of the architecture because we think architecture is the realm of the newter. The realm of the kind of a kind of a stage that has no opinion that has no value. And yet I believe that it is expression. Expression of the city, expression of our own space that gives meaning to architecture. And of course, expressive spaces are not new. Expressive spaces are not spaces that simply confirm what we already know. Expressive spaces meet the stirbos. And I think that's also part of life. Life is not just an aesthetic to make a smile, but reach out across the abyss of history to places we have never been and would have perhaps been had we not been so lucky. So again, radical versus conservative. Radical, what does it mean? It's something which is rooted. It's something which is rooted deep in a tradition. And I think that's what architecture is.