 people, whole O.R. team, general anesthesia, nurses, and another doctor across from the valves on the table and we take sort of small needle, not too big. And the way we do this is we basically place this through the swap tissue and kind of punch into the hard bone into the tithythens, a technical term, and aspirate about 10 amels of bone marrow out each time with a syringe. And hand that off to the nurses, courts into a tin, hands it back to me, and we do that again, and again about about 200 times usually. And by the end of this, my arm is sore, I've got a cow's in my hand, low on bob, whose rear end looks something more like this, so it's cheese. So I'm thinking, you know, this procedure hasn't changed in about 40 years and there's probably a better way to do this. So I caught up a minimally invasive approach on a new device that we call the marrow minor. This is it. And so the marrow minor, the way it works is shown here. Our standard see-through patient, instead of entering bone dozens of times, we inter just once into the front of the hip or the back of the hip. And we have a flexible powered catheter with a special wire loop tip that stays inside the crunchy part of the marrow and follows the contours of the hip as it moves around. So it enables you to very rapidly aspirate or suck out rich bone marrow very quickly through one hole. You can do multiple passes for that same entry, no robots required. And so very quickly, Bob can just get one puncture, local anesthesia, and do this harvest as an outpatient. So a few prototypes, I got a small little grant, Stanford, and played around with this a little bit. And our team there has developed this technology. And eventually we got to be large animals and pig studies. And we found it to our surprise that now that we got bone marrow out, we got 10 times the stem selectivity in the marrow minor compared to the normal device. This device was just FDA-approved in the last year. Here's a live patient. You can see it following the flexible curves around. There will be two passes here in the same patient, in the same hole. This is done on local anesthesia as an outpatient. And we got again, about three to six times more stem cells than the standard approach done in the same patient. So why should you care? Bone marrow is a very rich source of adult stem cells. You all know about embryonic stem cells that have great potential, but haven't yet entered clinical trials. Adult stem cells are router body, including the blood forming stem cells in our bone marrow, which we've been using as a form of stem cell therapy for over 40 years. In the last decade, there's been an explosion of use of bone marrow stem cells to treat the patient's other diseases, such as heart disease, basket disease, orthopedic tissue engineering, even in neurology to treat Parkinson's and diabetes. We've just come out. We're commercializing this year, Generation 2.0 of the marrow minor. The hope is that this gets more stem cells out. This translates to better outcomes. It may encourage more people to sign up to be potential life-saving bone marrow donors. It may even enable you to bank your own marrow stem cells when you're younger and healthier to use in the future, should you need it. Ultimately, here's a picture of our bone marrow transplant survivors who come together for reunion. You need sure to stand for it. Hopefully this technology will let us have more of these survivors in future.