 I respect no higher than a 25% passcode. And both of these facts say less about you or my students than they do about what we call math education in the US today. To start with, I'd like to break math down into two categories. One is computation. This is a stuff you've forgotten. For example, factoring quadratics with leading coefficient greater than one. This stuff is also really easy to relearn. Provided, you have a really strong grounding in reason. Math reason. We'll call it the application of math processes the world around us. This is hard to teach. This is what we would love students to retain even if they don't go into mathematical fields. This is also something that the way we teach it in the US, all of it ensures they won't retain. So I'd like to talk about why that is, why that's such a calamity for society. We'll do about it and to close with why this is an amazing time of your math teacher. So first, five symptoms that you're doing math reasoning wrong in your classroom. One is a lack of initiative. Students don't self-start. You finish your lecture block and immediately have five hands going up asking you to re-explain the entire thing with the desks. Students lack perseverance. They lack retention. You find yourself re-explaining concepts three months later, wholesale. There's an aversion to word problems. It describes 99% of my students. And then the other 1% are eagerly looking for the formula to apply in that situation. This is really destructive. David Milts, a creator of Deadwood and other amazing TV shows, has a really good description for this. He swore off creating a contemporary drama shows set in the present day. Because he saw that when people fill their mind, it's four hours a day, for example, two and a half men notice the fact, it shakes the neural pathways he said in such a way that they expect simple problems. He called it an impatience of your resolution. You're impatient with things that don't resolve quickly. You expect sitcom-sized problems that wrap up in 22 minutes, three commercial breaks in a lap track. And I'll put it to all of you, what you already know, that no problem worth solving is that simple. I'm very concerned about this, because I'm going to retire in a world where my students are running. I'm doing bad things to my own future and well-being when I teach this way. I'm here to tell you that the way our textbooks, particularly mass adopted textbooks, teach math reasoning and patient problem solving, it's functionally equivalent to turning on to a half man and calling it a day. In all seriousness, here's an example from a physics textbook that applies equally to math. Notice, first of all, here that you have exactly three pieces of information in, each of which will figure into a formula somewhere eventually, which the student will then compete. I believe in real life. And ask yourselves, what problems do you solve ever? It was worth solving where you knew all of the given information in banks, where you didn't have a surplus of information, and you had to filter it out, or you didn't have insufficient information, you had to go find some. I'm sure we all agree that no problem were solved in these like that. And the textbook,