 to in the atmosphere you've seen this in various forms, but maybe you haven't seen this one. What this shows is that the rate of growth of our emissions is accelerating, and it accelerating even faster than what we thought was the worst case just a few years back. So that red line there was something that a lot of skeptics said the environmentalists only put in the projections to make the projections book as bad as possible. Emissions would never grow as fast as that red line, but in fact they're going fast. Here's some data from actually just 10 days ago, which shows this year's minimum of Arctic sea ice, and it's the lowest by far, and the rate at which the Arctic sea ice is going away is a lot quicker than models. So despite all sorts of experts like me flying around the planet and burning jet fuel and politicians signing treaties, in fact you could argue the net effect of all this has been negative, because it's just consumed a lot of jet fuel. In terms of what we, no, no, in terms of what we really need to do to put the brakes on this very high inertial thing, our big economy, we've really hardly started. Really we're doing this, basically, really not very much. I don't want to depress you too much. The problem is absolutely soluble and even soluble in a way that's reasonably cheap, cheap meaning sort of the cost of the military, not the cost of medical care, cheap meaning a few percent of GDP. This is really important to have this sense of scale. So the problem is soluble and the way we should go about solving it is say dealing with electricity production, which causes something like 43 or so percent in rising CO2 emissions, and we could do that by perfectly sensible things like conservation and wind power, nuclear power, and coal the CO2 capture, which are all things that are ready for giant scale deployment and work. All we lack is the action to actually spend them on either put those in place, instead we spend our time talking. But nevertheless that's not what I'm going to talk to you about tonight. I'm going to talk to you about tonight the stuff that we might do if we did nothing. And it's this stuff in the middle here, which is what you do if you don't stop the emissions quickly enough. And you need to deal somehow break the length between human actions that change climate and the climate change itself. And that's particularly important because of course while we can adapt the climate change and it's important to be honest here there will be some benefits to climate change. Oh yes I think it's bad I spend my whole life working to stop it. But one of the reasons is politically hard is the winners and losers not all losers. But of course the natural world polar bears I spent time skiing across the sea ice for each of the time in a high Arctic. They will completely lose and there's no adaption. So this problem is absolutely soluble. This geo-insuring idea in its simplest form is basically this problem. You could put side particles say sulfuric acid particles sulfates into the upper atmosphere, the stratosphere where they'd reflect the way sunlight and pool the planet. And I know for certain that that will work, the darn side effects, I know for certain that will work, and the reason is it's been done.