 Ioluminescence they used to avoid being eaten, some they used to attract prey, but all of it from an artistic point of view is just positively amazing. And a lot of what goes on inside, there's a fish with glowing eyes, pulsating eyes. Some of the colors I designed to hypnotize, these lovely patterns. And then this last one, one of my favorites, is pinwheel design. Just absolutely amazing, every single dive. That's the unknown world. And today we've only explored about 3%, 3% of what's out in the ocean. Already we found the world's highest mountains, world's deepest valleys, under water lakes, underwater waterfalls. A lot of that we shared with you from the stage. And in a place where we thought, no life at all, we find more life, we think, and diversity and density than the tropical rainforests. It tells us that we don't know much about this planet at all. There's still 97%, and either that 97% is empty, or just full of surprises. But I want to jump up to shallow water now and look at some creatures that are positively amazing. Cephalopods, headfoot. As a kid, I knew them as calamari most. This is an octopus. This is the work of Dr. Roger Hanlon at the Marine Biological Lab. And just fascinating how cephalopods can with their eyes and credible eyes, sense their surrounding look at light, look at patterns, there's an octopus moving across the reef, finds a spot to settle down, curls up, and then disappears into the background. Tough thing to do. In the next bit, we're gonna see a couple of squid. Males, when they fight, if they're really aggressive, they turn white. And these two males are fighting, they do it by bouncing their butts together, which is an interesting concept. Now here's a male on the left, the female on the right, and now the male has managed to split his coloration. So the female only always sees the kind or gender squid in him. And the males are the, ha ha ha ha. We're gonna see it again. Let's take a look at it again. Watch the coloration, white on the right, brown on the left. He takes a step back. So he's keeping off the other males by splitting his body and comes up on the other side, kringo. Now I'm told that's not just a squid phenomenon with males, but I know that's it. Cuddlefish, I love cuddlefish. This is a giant Australian cuddlefish, and there he is, his droopy little eyes appear. But they could do pretty amazing things too, which here we're gonna see one backing into crevice, and watch his tentacles. He just pulls them in, makes them look just like algae. Disappears right into the background. Positive, amazing. Here's two males fighting. Once again, they're smart enough, these suffer pods, they don't not to hurt each other, but look at the patterns that they can do with their skin. Okay, just an amazing thing. Here's an octopus. Sometimes they don't want to be seen when they move because predators can see them, and here this guy actually can make himself look like a rock, and looking at his environment can actually slide across the bottom using the waves in the shadow so he can't be seen. There's blends right into the motion, blends right into the background.