 all the major muscles in the human face, running on very small batteries, extremely lightweight. The materials that allow the battery operator, facial expressions, is a material that we call flubber and it actually has three major innovations in the material that allow us to have one as hierarchical pores and the other as macro molecular and anti-scale porosity in the material. And it's starting to work. This is at the Korean Advanced Institute of Science and Technology. I built the head, they built the body. So the goal here is to achieve sentience in machines. They're not just sentience, but empathy. We're working with the machine perception laboratory at the UC San Diego. They have this really remarkable facial expression technology that recognizes facial expressions, what facial expressions you're making. It also recognizes where you're looking or head orientation. We're emulating all the major facial expressions and then controlling it with a software that we call the character engine. And here's a little bit of the technology that's involved in that. In fact, from here, from here, and the plug it in here. Now, let's see if it gets my facial expressions. Okay, so I'm smiling. Now I'm crowning. This is really heavily backed up. Okay, here we go. Oh, so sad. Okay, so you smile. So his perception of your emotional states is very important for machines to effectively become empathetic. Machines are becoming a devastatingly capable of things like killing, right? Those machines have no place for empathy. And there's billions of dollars being spent on that. Character robotics could plant the seed for robots that actually have empathy. So if they achieve human level intelligence or quite possibly greater than human levels of intelligence, this could be the seeds of hope for our future. So we've made 20 robots in the last eight years during the person getting my PhD. And then I started Hansen Robotics, which has been developing these things for mass manufacturing. This is one of our robots that we showed at Wired Next Best a couple of years ago. And it sees multiple people in a scene, remembers where individual people are and looks from person to person, remembering people. So we're involving two things. One, the perception of people and two, the natural interface, the natural form of the interface so that it's more intuitive for you to interact with the robot. You start to believe that it's alive and aware. So one of my favorite projects was bringing all this stuff together in an artistic display of an Android portrait of science fiction writer, Philip K. Dick, who wrote great works like you entered it's dream of electric sheep, which was the basis of the movie Blade Runner. And these stories were about to often think that they're human and they sort of come alive. So we put...