 I will my two love black eyes blazing but see her robber praise it my two love this upriver a few more jumps and I'll be with her hey hey black eyes Susie hey hey black eyes Susie hey hey black eyes Susie hey I ain't got a picture ant zip at 105 years old and sawed a North Carolina I'd go up and learn these old songs from her she couldn't sing much couldn't play anymore and I will her out on the front porch down below there was her grandson plowing the tobacco field with a mule double-out house over here on the side and we'd sing this old song she didn't have a whole lot of energy so I'd sing hey hey she just adds back with black eyes Susie hey black eyes Susie hey hey black eyes Susie hey hey black eyes Susie hey well she and I were black right back in she got mad at I'd double again that's something they'll find yeast in the ocean devil and pretty girl she takes a notion hey hey black eyes Susie hey hey black eyes Susie hey hey black eyes Susie hey black eyes Susie hey this is how I'm an angel well we'll get narrow next thanksgiving our way around she'll make a living she'll put black tax on her brave e-mail at you can walk someday maybe hey hey hey hey hey black eyes Susie hey one more time now ooh hey hey black eyes Susie hey hey black eyes Susie hey black eyes Susie hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey this is Ralph standing and I was Имmern is going to College at University of California Santa Barbara and the College of Creative Studies picking majors in biology and art he came to the campus to the 1968 at this movie and he played his blues- vår's style of music But near the end of the concert he played the old-timey style of the angel picking. They came from Africa along with the banjo's called Swahemur style. But he had learned from his mother and grandmother. I fell in love with that. I don't know what to say. You learn that. He said, well, you go back to Clinton Mountain where I'm from or Ashville or Mount Erie or Caroline. Sometimes it has a lot of music. There's a lot of old people still living that play that old style. So I went back that very something. I just fell in love with the culture and the people. And you know, I came back to school. I finished my degrees and told my parents I wanted to be a banjo player. You can imagine how excited they were.