 doesn't make any sense. So the only way to understand it is visually and relatively. So I scrape to load a report figures from various news outlets and then scale the boxes according to those amounts. And the colors here represent the motivation behind the money. So purple is uh, fighting and red is giving money away and green is profiteering. And what you can see straight away is you start to have a different relationships and numbers. You can literally see them. But more importantly, you start to see patterns and connections between numbers that would otherwise be scattered across multiple news reports. Let me point out some that I really like. This is OPEG's revenue, this green box here, $780 billion a year. And this little pixel in the corner, $3 billion, that's their climate change fund. Americans incredibly generous people, over 300 billion a year donated to charity every year, compared with the amount of foreign aid given by the top 17 industrialized nations at 120 billion. And then of course the Iraq war predicted to cost just 60 billion back in 2003. And the mushroom is slightly Afghanistan and Iraq mushroom now to 3000 billion. So now it's great. Now we have this texture and we can add numbers to it as well. So we can say well, you can come to see African debt. How much of this diagram does he might be taking up by the debt that Africa owes to the West? Let's take a look. So there it is, 227 billion. That's what Africa owes. And the recent financial crisis, how much of this diagram might that figure take up? What does that cost the world? Let's take a look at that. Dush. The thing is the appropriate sound effect from that much money. 11,900 billion. So, if I visualize this information, it turned it into a landscape that you can explore with your eyes, a kind of map really, that's of information map, when you lost the information, an information map is kind of useful. So I'll show you another landscape now. You need to imagine what a landscape of the world's fears might look like. Let's take a look. This is mountains out of Mollhills, a timeline of global media panic. So I'll label this for you in a second. But the height here, I want to point out, is the intensity of certain fears as of course in the media. Let me put them out. So this, swine flu, pink, bird flu, SARS, brownish here. Remember that one? The Millennium Bug. Terrible disaster. These little green peaks are asteroid collisions. And in summer here, killer wasps. So these are what our fears look like over time in the media. But what I love, and I'm a journalist, and what I love is that,