 investing. Somebody? What? People? You? That's it. You are the person. So therefore the entire purpose of the VC pitch is to convince them that you are the entrepreneur and who they are going to invest their money and make a lot of money in return. Now how do you do this? You can't just walk up and say you know hi I'm a really good guy and a good girl and you should really invest in it, right? So of course of your VC pitch you have a very few minutes and most VC pitch is most angel pitch is about 15 minutes most VC pitchers should be less than half an hour. People who are tensed span after 18 minutes begins to drop off tests have shown. So in that 18 minutes and 10 minutes or five minutes you have to convey a whole bunch of different characteristics. You actually have to convey about 10 different characteristics while you're standing up. What's the thing most important thing you've got to convey? What? Boy oh boy boy boy and that's a straight line. Look at that right over there and I didn't even promise you're right and tag it because that's the key thing. I wouldn't much rather invest in somebody take a chance at somebody who I know is straight than somebody where there's any possible question of who really looking out for and what's going on. So the most important thing is the tag or what's the second most important thing happen to him? Let's see if he can get this one. Close it up. Pass. Right? So here you want entrepreneurs by definition people who are leaving something else starting a new world over here creating putting their lifeblood into this kind of thing. You got to convey passion. If you're not passionate about your own company why not? Or anybody else can be passionate? Why should they put more money into your company if you're not passionate about it? So integrity and passion the single most important thing is that then there are a whole pattern of things that you've got to do wrap up in this package and you'll be standing to a VC. Experience. You've got to be able to say hey you know I've done this before. None of this before is starting an enterprise and creating value and taking something from beginning to end. So that's why VCs love to fund serial entrepreneurs because even if he didn't do it right the first time you've learned the lessons which are going to stay in your very good the next time. And now along with that you're along with the experience of starting an enterprise or running something and it doesn't be a business being an organization in school looking at enough profit but they want experience and creating an organization. Next up is knowledge. If you're telling me you're going to be the great developer of the map of the human genome you better know what a human general is. I don't think you're going to have domain expertise. So I don't want somebody who's saying hey I've got a great idea and a business item nothing about I haven't I don't know who players are. So you've got to know your market and then you have to have the skills that it takes to get a company going and those skills include everything from technical skills and technology business to marketing and sales and management and so on. But you know not everybody has all these but there are very few people who have the full set of skills that it takes to run a company. So what else do you require? Well leadership you've got to be able to convince us that you either have developed a team that has all those factors or else you can and you have the charisma and management style and the ability to get people to follow your lead to inspire them to motivate them to be part of the team. Alright then having done all that