 came the side of frightening reminder that they would be no projector. So bringing those carousels would no longer be necessary, but some alternate forms of communication would. Now, I could talk about something that I'm known for, something that would be particularly appropriate for many of the sort of more technically minded people here, or I could talk about something I really care about. I decided to go with the latter. I'm going to talk about Rome. Why would I care about Rome particularly? Well, I went to Rhode Island School of Design in the second half of the 60s, study architecture. I was lucky enough to spend my last year, my fifth year in Rome as a student. Change my life. Not the least reason was the fact that I'd spent those first four years living at home. Driving into RISD every day, driving I missed the 60s. I read about them. I understand they were pretty interesting. I missed them, but I did spend that extraordinary year in Rome and it's a place that is never far from my mind. So whenever given an opportunity, I try to do something in it or with it or for it. I also make drawings to help people understand things, things that I want them to believe I understand. That's what I do is an illustrate. That's my job. I'm going to show you some pictures of Rome. I've made a lot of drawings of Rome over the years. These are just drawings of Rome. I get back as often as possible I need to. All different materials, all different styles, all different times, drawings from sketchbooks looking at details of Rome. Part of the reason I'm showing you these is it helps illustrate this process. I go through trying to figure out what it is I feel about Rome and why I feel it. These are sketches of some of the little details. Rome is a city full of surprises when we're talking about unusual perspectives. We're talking about narrow little winding streets that suddenly open into vast, sun-drenched piaces. Never though piaces that are not humanly scaled. Part of the reason for that is the fact that they grew up organically. That amazing juxtaposition of old and new bits of light that come down between the buildings that create a map that's traveling above your head of just usually blue, especially in the summer compared to the map that you would normally expect to see of conventional streets. I began to think about how I could communicate this in book form. How could I share my sense of Rome, my understanding of Rome? I'm going to show you a bunch of dead ends basically. The primary reason for all these dead ends is when you're not quite sure where you're going. You're certainly not going to get there with any kind of efficiency. Here's a little map. I thought of maps at the beginning. Maybe I should just try and do a little sort of atlas of my favorite streets and connections in Rome. Here's a line of text that actually evolves from the exhaust of Rome.