 what lies in there. And in the oceans, the longest mountain range is on the planet. Most of the animals are in the oceans. Most of the earthquakes and volcanoes are in the sea at the bottom of the sea. The biodiversity and the biodiversity and the ocean is higher in places than it is in the rainforest. It's mostly unexplored. And yet there's beautiful sites like this that captivate us and make us become familiar with it. But when we're standing at the beach, I want you to think that you're standing at the edge of a very unfamiliar world. We have to have a very special technology to get into that unfamiliar world. And we use the submarine element and we use cameras. And the camera is something that Bill Lane has developed with the help of Sony. Marcel Proust said, the true voyage of discovery is not so much in seeking new landscapes as in having new eyes. People that have partnered with us have given us new eyes not only on what exists, the new landscapes at the bottom of the sea, but also how we think about life on the planet itself. Here's a jelly. It's one of my favorites because it's got all sorts of working parts. This turns out to be the longest creature in the oceans. It gets up to about 150 feet long. But see all those different working things? I love that kind of stuff. It's got these fishing lures on the bottom. They're going up and down. It's got tentacles dangling, swirling around like that. There's a colonial animal. These are all individual animals banding together to make this one creature. And it's got these jet thrusters up in front that we'll use in a moment and a little light. If you take all the big fish and schooling fish and all that put in my one side of the scale, put all the jelly type animals on the other side, those guys wouldn't hands down. Most of the biomass in the oceans made out of creatures like this. Here's the X-wing death jelly. The bioluminescence they use the lights for attracting mates and attracting prey and communicating. We couldn't begin to show you our archival stuff from the jelly. They come at all different sizes and shapes. We tend to forget about the fact that the ocean is mild steep on average. And that we're real familiar with the animals that are in the first 200 or 300 feet. But we're not familiar with what exists from there all the way down the bottom. And these are the types of animals that live in that three dimensional space that micrograph the environment that we really have to explore. You hear about giant squid and things like that. And some of these animals get up to be priced at 140, 160 feet long. They're very little understood. This is one of our favorites because it's a little octopi. You can actually see if he was head and here he is flapping with his ears and very gracefully going up. We see those at all depths and even at the greatest depths. They're going for a couple of inches to a couple feet. They come right up to the submarine. They'll put their eyes right up to the window and peek inside the sub. This is really a world within a world. And we're going to show you two. In this case, we're passing down through the mid-ocean and we'll see creatures like this. It's kind of like an undersea rooster. This guy that looks incredibly formal in the way. And then one of my favorite, what a face. This is basically scientific data that you're looking at. It's footage that we've collected for scientific purposes. And that's one of the things that Phil's been doing is providing scientists this first view of animals like this in the world that they belong. They don't catch them in a net.