 that I stood on top of a hundred foot pillar for 36 hours. I began to hallucinate so hard that the buildings that were behind me started to look like big animal heads. So next I went to London. In London I lived in a glass box for 44 days with nothing but water. It was for me one of the most difficult things I'd ever done, but it was also the most beautiful. There was so many skeptics, especially the press in London that they started flying cheeseburgers on helicopters around my box to tempt me. So I felt very validated when the New England Journal medicine actually used the research for science. My next pursuit was I wanted to see how long I could go without breathing, how long I could survive with nothing, not even air. I didn't realize that it would become the most amazing journey of my life. As a young magician, I was obsessed with who being me in his underwater challenges. So I began early on competing against the other kids seeing how long I could stand the water while they went up and down to breathe even five times less than under a one breath. By the time I was a teenager, I was able to hold my breath for three minutes and 30 seconds. I would later find out that was who was the Deany's personal record. In 1987, I heard of a story about a boy that fell through ice and was trapped under a river. He was underneath not breathing for 45 minutes. When the rescue workers came, they resuscitated him and there was no brain damage. His core temperature had dropped to 77 degrees. As a magician, I think everything is possible. And I think if something is done by one person, it can be done by others. I started to think if the boy could survive without breathing for that long, there must be a way that I could do it. So I met with the top neurosurgeon and I asked him how long is it possible to go without breathing? Like how long could I go without air? And he said to me that anything over six minutes, you have a serious risk of hypoxic brain damage. So I took that as a challenge, basically. My first try, I figured that I could do something similar and I created a water tank and I filled it with ice and freezing cold water. And I stayed inside of that water tank, hoping my core temperature would start to drop. And I was shivering. My first attempt to hold my breath, I couldn't even last a minute. So I realized that was completely not gonna work. So I went to talk to a doctor friend and I asked him,