 of things to get power and to stay in power, including doing bad things to elections. You see, even if the idea of the election is perfect, running a country-wide election is a big project and big projects are messy. Whenever there is an election, it seems like something always goes wrong. Someone tries to cheat or something goes accidentally arrive. A ballot box goes missing here, chads are left hanging over here. To make sure as few things as possible go wrong, we have all these procedures around the election. So, for example, you come to the polling station and a polling station worker asks for your ID. Before giving you a ballot form and asking you to go into a voting booth to fill out a vote, when you come back out, you get to drop your vote into the ballot box where it mixes with all the other votes so that no one knows how you voted. Well, what I want us to think about from is what happens after that, after you drop your vote into the ballot box. And most people would go home and feel sure that their vote has been counted because they trust that the election system works. They trust that election workers and election observers do their jobs and do their jobs correctly. The ballot boxes go to counting places, they're unsealed and the votes are poured out and laboriously counted. Most of us have to trust that that happens correctly for our own vote and we all have to trust that that happens correctly for all the votes in the election. So, we have to trust a lot of people. We have to trust a lot of procedures. And sometimes we even have to trust computers. So imagine hundreds of millions of voters casting hundreds of millions of votes all to be counted correctly and all the things that can possibly go wrong, causing all these bad headlines. And you cannot help but feel exhausted at the idea of trying to make elections better. Well, in the face of all these bad headlines, researchers have taken a step back and thought about how it can do elections differently. They zoomed out and looked at the big picture and the big picture is this, elections should be very viable. Voters should be able to check that their votes are counted correctly. Without breaking election secrecy, which is so very important. And that's the tough part. How do we make an election system completely verifiable while keeping the votes absolutely secret? Well, the way we've come up with uses