 and type swing in from the back of the side or up or down or but maybe that's, it's an okay trade-off to trade that out for a focus. So it's a thought. And there's something nice about the slides getting stuck and the thing you really hope for is occasionally they've burnt out which we won't see tonight. So with that, let's skip the first slide right there. This is, as many of you probably guessed, is a recently emptied beer can in Portugal. This time I had just arrived in Barcelona for the first time and I thought, you know, it's fly all night and I looked up and I thought, wow, how clean you're coming to this major airport and they simply have a bee. I mean, how nice is that? Everything's gotten simpler and design and here's this mega airport and, God, I just, I took a picture. I had, God, that was the coolest thing I've ever seen at airport. So a couple months later, I went back to the same airport, same plane, I think, and looked up and it said, see. And, there's only then that I realized it was simply a gate that I was coming into. I'm a big believer in the emotion of design and the message is sent before somebody begins to read, before they get the rest of the information. What is the emotional response they get to the product, to the story, to the painting, whatever it is? That area of design interests me the most and I think this is it for me is a real clear, very simplified version of what I'm talking about. These are a couple garage doors painted identical situated next to each other. And so here's the first door. You get the message, you know, it's pretty clear. Take a look at the second door and see if there's any different message. Okay, which hotel would you park in front of? Same color, same message, same words. The only thing that's different is the expression that the individual door owner here put into the piece. And again, which is the psychopillar here? Yet it doesn't say that, it doesn't need to say that, I would probably park in front of the other one. I'm sure a lot of you are aware that graphic design has gotten a lot simpler in last five years or so. It's gotten so simple that it's already starting to kind of come back the other way again. Get a little more expressive, but I was in Milan and saw this street sign and was very happy to see that apparently this idea of minimalism has even been translated by the graffiti artist.