 But the victim of the vessel disease is still killed more people, not only in this country, but also worldwide than everything else combined, and yet it's completely preventable for almost everybody. It's not only preventable, it's actually reversible. For the last almost 29 years we've been able to show that by simply changing diet in lifestyle, using these very high-tech, expensive state-of-the-art measures to prove that powerful, these very simple and low-tech and low-cost interventions can be like quantitative arteriography before and after a year and cardiac pet skins. We showed a few months ago we published the first study showing that you can actually stop a reverse-the-progression at prostate cancer by making changes in diet in lifestyle. And 70% regression in the tumor growth or inhibition of the tumor growth compared to only 9% in the control group. And in the MRI and the MR spectroscopy here, the prostate tumor activity is shown in red. You can see it diminishing after a year. Now there is an epidemic of obesity. Two-thirds of adults and 15% of kids, what's really concerning to me is that diabetes has increased 70% in the past 10 years. And this may be the first generation in which our kids love a shorter lifespan than we do. That's pitiful and it's preventable. Now these are not election returns. These are the number of people who are obese by state, beginning in 85, 86, 87. These are from the CDC website, 88, 89, 90, 91. You get a new category, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 2000, 2001. And it gets worse with kind of devolving. Now what can we do about this? Well, you know, the diet that we found that can reverse heart disease and cancer is an Asian diet, but the people in Asia are starting to eat like we are, which is why they're starting to get sick like we are. So I've been working with a lot of the big food companies. They can make fun and sexy and hip and crunchy and convenient, eat healthier foods like I share the advisory boards in McDonald's and PepsiCo and Conagra and Safeway and soon Del Monte. And they're finding that it's good business. The salads that you see at McDonald's came from the work. They're going to have an Asian salad and Pepsi, two thirds of the revenue grew up came from their better foods. And so if we can do that, then we can free up resources for buying drugs that you really do need for treating AIDS and HIV and malaria and for preventing avian flu. Thank you.