 wire to get rid of all that mechanical stuff. That's pretty good, but when I get rid of the wires, you don't need anything to control the car except thinking about it. The... I would love to talk about technology in some time in what's past 15 minutes. I'll be happy to talk to all the tech-no-geeks around here about what's in here. But if I had one thing to say about this before we get to first, it would be that from the time we started building this, the big idea was the technology. It really was a big idea in technology to start it apart in the Ibot through the disabled community. The big idea here is I think a new piece of a solution to a fairly big problem in transportation and maybe to put that in perspective. There's so much data on this, I'll be happy to give it to you in different forms. You never know what strikes the fancy of who. But everybody is perfectly going to leave the car changed the world and re-forward just about a hundred years ago, starting cranking out Model T's. What I don't think most people think about is the context of how technology is applied. For instance, in that time, 91% of America lived either on farms or in small towns. So the car, the horseless carriage that replaced the horse in carriage was a big deal. It went twice as fast as the horse in carriage. It was half as long. And it was an environmental improvement because, for instance, in 1903, they outrooted horses and buggies in downtown Manhattan, as you can imagine what the roads looked like when you have a million horses and a million of them urinating and doing other things. And the typhoid and other problems created were almost imaginable. So the car was the clean environmental alternative to a horse and buggy. It also was a way for people to get from their farm to the farm to the farm to a town, from the town to the city. It all made sense with 91% of the people living there. By the 1950s, we started connecting all the towns together with what a lot of people claim is the ape wonder of the world, the highway system. And it is certainly a wonder. And by the way, as I take shots at old technologies, I want to assure everybody, particularly the automotive industry, who's been very supportive of us that I don't think this in any way competes with airplanes or cars. But think about where the world is today. 50% of the global population lives in cities. That's 3.2 billion people. We've filed all the transportation