 the names and forms and rituals that really divide people. It's really about our nature is to be happy, our nature is to be peaceful, our nature is to be healthy. And so it's not something, happiness is not something you get, health is generally not something that you get. But rather all of these different practices, you know the ancient swalmies and rabbis and priests and monks and nuns didn't develop these techniques to just manage stress or lower your blood pressure, uncold your arteries, even though it can do all of those things. They're powerful tools for transformation, for quieting down our minded bodies to allow us to experience what it feels like to be happy, to be peaceful, to be joyful, and to realize that it's not something that you pursue and get, but rather it's something that you have already until you disturb it. I studied yoga for many years with those teaching names swalmies such as anon and people would say, what do you a Hindu? He'd say no, I'm an undue. And it's really about identifying what's causing us to disturb our innate health and happiness and then to allow that natural healing to occur. To me that's the real natural wonder. So within that context, that larger context, we can talk about diet, stress management, which are really these spiritual practices, modern exercise, smoking cessation, support groups in community, which I'll talk more about, and some vitamins and swalmies. And it's not a diet, you know when most people think about the diet, I recommend I think it's a really strict diet, for reversing disease that's what it takes. But if you're just trying to be healthy, you have a spectrum of choices, and to the degree that you can move in a healthy direction, you're going to live longer, you're going to feel better, you're going to lose weight and so on. And in our studies, what we've been able to do is to use very expensive high-tech state-of-the-art measures to prove how powerful these very simple and low-tech and low-cost and in many ways ancient interventions can be. We first began by looking at heart disease. When I began doing this work 26 or 7 years ago, it was thought that once you had heart disease, it can only get worse. And what we found was that instead of getting worse and worse, in many cases, you can get better and better. And much more quickly than people had once realized. This is a representative patient who at the time was 73, told you needed to have a bypass, decided to do this instead. We used quantitative archeriatography showing the narrowing. This is one of the arteries that feeds the heart, one of the main arteries. And you can see the narrowing here, a year later, it's not as clawed. Normally it goes the other direction. These moderate changes in blockages cause the 300% improvement in blood foam, and using cardiac positron emission to monger for your pet scans, moving black is no blood flow, orange and white is maximal. Huge differences can occur without drugs, without surgery. Clinically, he literally couldn't walk across the street without getting severe chest pain within a month like most people was pain-free and within a year climb more than 100 floors a day on a stair mess. But this is not unusual. And it's part of what enables people to maintain these kinds of changes because it makes such a big difference in their quality of life. Overall, we've looked at all the arteries and all the patients. They got worse and worse from one year to five years in the comparison group. This is the natural history of heart disease, but it's really not natural because we found it could get better and better and much more