 messenger. What were we just talking about? And other things that can make it worse, it can cause you to lose brain cells and the usual suspects like saturated fat and sugar, nicotine, opiates, cocaine, too much alcohol and chronic stress. Your skin gets more blood flow when you change your lifestyle. So you age less quickly, your skin doesn't wrinkle as much, your heart gets more blood flow. We've shown that you can actually reverse heart disease that these clogged arteries that you see on the upper left after only a year become measurably less clogged. And the cardiac PET scan shown in the lower left, the blue means no blood flow a year later orange and white is maximal blood flow. We've shown you may be able to stop the reverse progression of early prostate cancer, like sentient breast cancer, simply by making these changes. We found that tumor growth in vitro was inhibited 70% in the group that made these changes, whereas only 9% in the comparison group is differences were highly significant. Even your sexual organs get more blood flow, so you increase sexual potency. One of the most effective anti-smoking ads was done by the Department of Health Services showing that nicotine, which constricts your arteries, can cause a heart attack for a stroke, but it also causes impotence, half of guys who smoke or impotence, how sexy is that. And we're also about to publish a study, the first study shown you can change gene expression in men with prostate cancer. This is what's called a heat map and the different colors and along the side on the right are different genes. And we found that over 500 genes were favorably changed, and in fact turning on the good genes that disease preventing genes, turning off the disease, promoting genes. And so these findings I think are really very powerful, they're giving many people new hope and new choices, and companies like Navagenics and DNA Direct and 23 of me that are giving you your genetic profiles are getting some people a sense of gospel, what can I do about it? Well our genes are not our fate, and if we make these changes, they're a predisposition, but if we make bigger changes than we might have made otherwise, we can actually change how our genes are expressed. Thank you.