 I'm not a radiologist. I don't have any patents and I've never received any money from a medical imaging company and I am not seeking your vote. What I am is a doctor of internal medicine who became passionately interested in this topic about 10 years ago when a patient asked me a question. She came to see me after discovering a breast month. Her sister had been diagnosed with breast cancer in her 40s. She and I were both very pregnant at that time and my heart just ached for her imagining how afraid she must be. Fortunately, her lump proved to be benign, but she asked me a question. How competent was I that I would find it to her early on her mammogram if she developed one? So I studied her mammogram and I reviewed the radiology literature and I was shocked to discover that in her case, our chances of finding a tumor early on the mammogram were less than the toss of a coin. You may recall a year ago when a firestorm erupted after the United States Preventive Services Task Force reviewed the world's mammography screening literature and issued a guideline recommending against screening mammograms and women in their 40s. Now, everybody rushed to criticize the task force even though most of them were in any way familiar with the mammography studies. It took the Senate just 17 days to ban the use of the guidelines in determining insurance coverage. Radiologists were outraged by the guidelines. The preeminent mammographer in the United States issued the following quote to the Washington Post. The radiologists were in turn criticized for protecting their own financial self-interest. But in my view, the radiologists are heroes. There's a shortage of radiologists qualified to read mammograms and that's because mammograms are one of the most complex of all radiology studies to interpret. And because radiologists are sued more often over mistrust cancer than any other cause. But that very fact is telling where there is this much legal smoke, there is likely to be some fire. The factor most responsible for that fire is breast density. Breast density refers to the relative amount of fat pictured here in yellow versus connective and epithelial tissues pictured in pink. And that proportion is primarily genetically determined. Two thirds of women in their 40s have dense breast tissue, which is why mammography doesn't work as well in them. And although breast density generally declines with age, up to a third of women retain dense breast tissue for you.