 inside in. So I called back Major High School School School to the Public Affairs Officer of the National National Guard and he knew me so I was like Craig he's like yes, Debra. Told him my idea and you know he is one of the bravest men in the world and as is General Blair who in the end gave me permission to try this experiment. Within 10 days I was down at Port Dixie even with my pick of units I picked one unit Charlie Company 3rd the one seventy-second their mountain infantry for two reasons one their infantry. Number two they were going to be based in Ellis, Ellis, and I know they would have internet access. The caveat for my access was I had to get this hold just to volunteer. This was a big thing that I think when Major H told me I wasn't really totally gathering what that would mean. So what that meant was when I went down to Port Dixie I had just hop out in front of 180 gods and tell them on my vision. You can imagine the hailstorm questions I got. The opening one was what the fuck do you know about the National Guard? I started with a 1607 Master's Bay Colony, Pequot Indian Wars, gave him about a nine minute response and there we went. So I'd like to show the clip of the film. It's our trailer because I know obviously you guys are busy, you may have you may not have had a chance to see it so I want to show the trailer and then I'm going to take apart one scene in detail. We can go up. This is Saga Steven Banks special Michael Moriarty. That really went well fun. I was host to Factors Media. I'm not the media dammit. The day is here. The life will change. We're ready to go. We're ready to go. Here we go. Every soldier eventually wants to go combat. It's a national instrument. If you like fear get to you then fear not going to be doing your job. There's no time to go out there. There's attacks. It's practically everything. Hey, Pastor, the ass crack is one of my face. He's going to be on fire. He's going brother, you want to play? That's really hard for him to not have his dad. This little kid up in the middle of the war zone. In the beginning he's a great song dirty. The world's newest democracy. This shoot lit me. You'll put 150,000 troops in there and save it there to free it from us. We're going to drive for window and bargaining now. Yeah, they'll create money. I'll support your emotion and have the idea for the oil. Worst thing in my life. Boral, don't look at it but he's not the same person anymore. I will not go back.