 common that there's no central control. Nobody tells anybody what to do. The queen just lays the eggs. There's no management, no ant directs the behavior of any other ant. And I try to figure out how that works. And I've been working for the past 20 years on a population of seed eating ants in Southeast Arizona. Here's my study site. This is really a picture of ants in the rabbit just happens to be there. And these ants are called harvest ants because they eat seeds. This is the nest of a mature colony. And there's the nest entrance. And they forage maybe for about 20 meters away, gather up the seeds, and bring them back to the nest, and store them. And every year I go there and make a map of my study site. This is just a road. And it's not very big. It's about 250 meters on one side, 400 on the other. And every colony has a name, which is a number, which is painted on a rock. And I go there every year and look for all the colonies that were aligned the year before. And figure out which ones have died and put all the new ones on the map. And by doing this, I know how old they all are. And because of that, I've been able to study how their behavior changes as the colony gets older and larger. So I want to tell you about the life cycle of a colony. So ants never make more ants. Collinies make more colonies. And they do that by each year sending out the reproductives, those are the ones with wings, on a mating flight. So every year on the same day, and it's a mystery, exactly, how that happens. Each colony sends out its virgin unmated queens with wings and the males. And they all fly to a common place. And they mate. And this shows a recently virgin queen. Here's her wings. And she's in the process of mating with this male. And there's another male on top waiting his turn. Often the queens mate more than once. And after that, the males all die. That's it for them. And then the newly-mated queens fly off somewhere, drop their wings, dig a hole, and go into that hole, and start laying eggs. And they will live for 15 or 20 years, continuing to lay eggs using the sperm from that original mating. So the queen goes down in there. She lays eggs. She feeds the larvae. So when ants starts as an egg, then it's a larva. She feeds the larvae by regurgitating from her fat reserves. Then as soon as the ants, the first group of ants emerge, they're larvae, then they're pupae, then they come out as adult ants. They go out, they get the food, they dig the nest, and the queen never comes out again. So this is a one-year-old colony that happens to be 536. There's the nest entrance. There's a pencil per scale. So this is the colony founded by a queen the previous summer. This is a three-year-old colony. There's the nest entrance. There's a pencil per scale. They make a mitten pile of refuse, mostly the host