 more than double. We have 6.7 billion people in the world and we all like to consume. And one of the major problems that we have is our operating system is not giving us the proper feedback. We're not paying the true environmental cost of our actions. And when I came at age 22 to live on Fernandina, let me just say that I had never camped before. I had never lived alone for any treatment of time and I'd never slept with sea lions snoring next to me. But moreover, I'd never lived in an uninhabited island. And the espinoza is where I lived for over a year. And we call it uninhabited because there are no people there. But it's a lie with life. It's hardly uninhabited. So a lot has happened in the last 40 years. And what I learned when I came to the Glopto is the important of wild places, wild things, certainly wildlife, and the amazing qualities that penguins have. Penguins are real athletes. They can swim 173 kilometers in a day. They can swim at the same speed day and night. That's faster than any Olympic swimmer. I mean, they can do like seven kilometers in hour and sustain it. But what is really amazing because of this deepness here, emperor penguins can go down more than 500 meters. They can hold their breath for 23 minutes. Magellanic penguins, the ones that I work on, are thinking five to about 90 meters. And they can stay down for about 4.6 minutes. Few minutes without fins, 90 meters, 3.5 minutes. And I doubt anybody in this room could really hold their breath for 3.5 minutes. You have to train to be able to do that. So penguins are amazing athletes. The other thing is I've never met anybody that really doesn't say that they like penguins. They're comical. They walk upright. And of course, they're diligent and more important, they're well dressed. So they have all the criteria that people normally like. But scientifically, they're amazing because they're sentient. They tell us about our world in a lot of different ways, in particular, the ocean. This is a picture of a Galapagos penguin that's on the front of Luzodiac here in the Galapagos. And that's what I came to study. I thought I was going to study the social behavior of Galapagos penguins, but you already know penguins are rare. These are the rarest penguins in the world. I thought I was going to be able to do that. I don't know. But the population has changed dramatically since I was first here. When I counted penguins for the first time I tried to do a census. We just counted all the individual beaks that we could around all these islands. We counted around 2000. So I don't know how many penguins there really are, but I know I can count 2000. If you go and do it now, the National Parks counts about 500. So we have a quarter of the penguins that we did 40 years ago. And this is true of most of our living systems. We have less than we had before in most of the