 It flips its body 180 degrees. It swings its leg between two legs and cats to fall. That's how it walks. But when you look at a human being, bipedal walking, what you're doing is you're not really using muscle to lift your leg and do like a walk, like a robot. What you're doing is you really swing your leg and cats fall, stand up and swing your leg and cats fall. You're using your built-in dynamics, the physics of your body, just like a pendulum. You call that the cause above passive dynamic locomotion. What you're doing is when you stand up, potential energy to kinetic energy, potential energy to kinetic energy. And it's a constantly falling process. So even though there's nothing in nature that looks like this, really we're inspired by biology and applying the principles of walking to this robot. Thus is a biologically inspired robot. What you see over here, this is what we wanna do next. We wanna fold up the legs and shoot it up for long range motion. And it deploys legs. It looks almost like Star Wars. It lands, it absorbs the shock and starts walking. What you see over here, this yellow thing, this is not a death ray. This is just to show you that if you have cameras with different types of sensors, because it is polished, 1.8 meters tall, you can see over obstacles and vision in these things. So we have two prototypes. The first version in the back, that's strider one. The one in the front, the smaller strider two. The problem that we had with strider one is it was just too heavy in the body. We had so many mortars, you know, aligning the joints and those kind of things. So we decided to synthesize a mechanical mechanism. So we can get rid of all the mortars and with a single mortar, we can put in all the motions. We can have a solution to a problem so we can use the necarchronics. So with this, now the top body is light enough. So it's walking our lap. This is a very first successful step. It's still not perfect, it's talking falls down. So we still have a lot of work to do. The second one we wanna talk about is called Impass. It stands for intelligent, mobility platform but actually it's spoke seriously. So it's a real leg hybrid robot. So think of a rimless wheel or a spoke wheel, but the spokes individually move in and out of the hub. So it's a real leg hybrid. We're literally reinventing the wheel here. Let me show how it demonstrate how it works. So in this video, we're using a approach called Reactive Approach. Just simply using attack power sensors on the feet, it's trying to walk over a changing frame, a soft train where it pushes down and thus by the tactile information, it's successfully profitable with these type of train. But when it encounters a very extreme frame, in this case, this obstacle is more than three times at the height of the robot than it switches to a deliberate mode where it uses a laser range finder and camera systems to identify the obstacle on the sides and it plans, carefully plans the motion of the spokes and coordinates it so that it can show this kind of very, very impressive mobility. Probably haven't seen anything like this out there. This is a very high mobility robot that we call Impass.