 And here comes a second follower. Now it's not a low nut, it's not two nuts, three is a crowd and the crowd is news. So a movement must be public. It's important to show not just the leader, but the followers, because you find that new followers emulate the followers, not the leader. Now here come two more people and immediately after three more people. Now we've got momentum. This is the tipping point. Now we've got a movement. So notice that as more people join in, it's less risky. So those that were sitting on the fence before now have no reason not to. They won't stand out. They won't be ridiculed, but they will be part of the in crowd if they hurry. So over the next minute, you'll see all of the those that prefer to stick with the crowd, because eventually they would be ridiculed for not joining in. And that's how you make a movement. Let's recap some lessons from this. So first, if you are the type like the shirtless dancing guy that is standing alone, remember the importance of nurturing your first few followers as equals. So it's clearly about the movement, not you. Okay, but we might have missed the real lesson. You're the biggest lesson. If you noticed, did you catch it? Is it leadership is over glorified? Yes, it was the shirtless guy was first and he'll get all the credit, but it was really the first follower that transformed the lone nut into a leader. So as we're told that we should all be leaders that would be really ineffective. If you really care about starting a movement, have the courage to follow and show others how to follow. And when you find a lone nut doing something great, have the guts to be the first one to stand up and join in. And what a perfect place to do that. Ted. Thanks. In 25 years, global energy consumption will increase by 50%. To meet the man who need to harness the power of sun, wind, waves, atoms, they're all on the table, but today we need oil. I'm Mike Davis. I'm the drilling manager with Ref Saul Gulf of Mexico. We're out here in 4,000 feet of water in green cane and three or four drilling angus through our prospects. About a 29,000 foot sub salt well. Big technical challenge. That's why we got a big, great, like KG Express on it. One of the challenges that the oil industry has is finding new oil because all of the easy oil