 take it with him because that is how information was being transported from teacher to student and then used in the world. When I was a kid we had a set of encyclopedias at my house. It was purchased the year I was born and it was extraordinary because I did not have to wait to go to the library to get to the information. The information was inside my house and it was awesome. This was different than either generation had experienced before and it changed the way I interacted with information even at just a small level but the information was closer to me I could get access to it. In the time that passes between when I was a kid in high school and when I started teaching we really see the advent of the internet. Right about the time that the internet gets going as an educational tool I take off from Wisconsin and move to Kansas. Smalltown Kansas where I had an opportunity to teach in a lovely small town rural Kansas school district where I was teaching my favorite subject American government. My first year super gung-ho, I'm going to teach American government love the political system. Kids in the 12th grade not exactly all that enthusiastic about the American government system. Year two, learned a few things, had to change my tactic and I put in front of them an authentic experience that allowed them to learn for themselves. I didn't tell them what to do or how to do it. I posed a problem in front of them which was to put on an election forum for their own community. They produced flyers, they called offices, they check schedules, they were meeting with secretaries, they produced an election forum booklet for the entire town to learn more about their candidates. They invited everyone into the school for an evening of conversation about government and politics and you know whether not the streets were done well and really had this robust experiential learning. The older teachers more experienced looked at me and went out there she is, that's so cute. She's trying to get that done. She doesn't know what she's in for but I knew that the kids would show up and I and I believed it and I told them every week of what I expected out of them and that night all 90 kids dressed appropriately doing their job owning it. I had to just sit and watch. It was theirs. It was experiential. It was authentic. It meant something to them and they will step up. From Kansas I moved on to lovely Arizona where I taught in Flagstaff for a number of years. This time with middle school students luckily I didn't have to teach them American government to teach them more exciting topic of geography and again thrilled to learn but what was interesting about this position I found myself in in Arizona was I had this really extraordinarily eclectic group of kids to work with in a truly public school and we got to have these moments where we would get these opportunities and one opportunity was we got to go and meet Paul recessed the beginning which is the gentleman that the movie Hotel Rwanda is based after and he was going to speak at high school next door to