 what we're finding is there, a lot of it is in the marine environment. I then, in the last few years, learned about the Pacific garbage patch and the jire. And my initial reaction, and I think that this is a lot of people's first reaction to learning about it, is, my god, we've got to go out there and clean this thing up. So I actually developed a proposal to go out with a cargo ship and two decommissioned fishing tralers, a crane, a chipping machine, and a cold-molding machine. And my intention was to go out to the jire, raise awareness about this issue, and begin to pick up the plastic, ship it into little bits, and cold-mold it into bricks that could potentially be used as building materials in underdeveloped communities. I began talking with people who actually had been out to the jire and were studying the plastic problem in the marine environment. But upon doing so, I realized actually that cleaning it up would be a very small drop in the bucket relative to how much is being generated every day around the world. And actually, I needed to back up and look at bigger picture, and bigger picture is we need to find a way to turn off the faucet. We need to cut this bigot of single-use and disposable plastics, which are entering the marine environment every day on a global scale. So in looking at that, I also realized that I was really angry. I wasn't just concerned about plastic that you're trying to imagine out in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, of which I've learned there are now 11 jires potentially of plastic and five major oceans in the world. It's not just that jire plastic that I'm concerned about, it's the jire of plastic in the supermarket. I go to the supermarket and all of my food is packaged in plastic. All of my beverages are packaged in plastic, even at the health food market. I'm also concerned about the plastic in the refrigerator and I'm concerned about the plastic and the toxins that leads from plastic into us and into our bodies. So I came together with a group of other people who were all looking at this issue and we created the plastic pollution coalition. We have many initiatives that we're working on, but some of them are very basic. One is, if 80 to 90% of what we're finding in the ocean of the marine debris that we're finding in the ocean is plastic, then why don't we call it what it is? It's plastic pollution. Recycling. Everybody kind of ends their books about being sustainable and greening with the idea of recycling. You put something in a bin and you don't have to think about it again. What is the reality of that? In the United States, less than 7% of our plastics are recycled. And if you really look into it, particularly when it comes to plastic bottles, most of it is only downcycled or incinerated or shipped to China. It is downcycled and turned into lesser things. While a glass bottle can be a glass bottle again or can be used again, a plastic bottle can never be a plastic bottle again. So this is a big issue for us. Another thing that we're looking at and asking people to think about it.