 And they tried everything they could to get me out of there. There was underground railroad of sorts that was going on during those years. Maybe some of you remember it. They were called the programmers. And after about five long years, my family had me to program. And I then became a programmer. I started going out on cases. And after about five years of doing this, I was arrested for kidnapping. Most of the cases I went out on were called involuntary. What happened was that the family had to get their loved ones some safe place somehow. And so they took them to some safe place. And we would come in and talk to them usually for about a week. And so after this happened, I decided it was a good time to turn my back on this work. And about 20 years went by. And there was a burning question, though, that would not leave me. And that was, how did this happen to me? And in fact, what did happen to my brain? Because something did. And so I decided to write a book, a memoir about this decade of my life. And toward the end of writing that book, there was a documentary that came out. It was on Jonestown. And it had a chilling effect on me. These are the dead in Jonestown. About 900 people died that day. Most of them taking their own lives. Women gave poison to their babies and watched foam come from their mouths as they died. The top picture is the group of monies that have been left by their Messiah. It makes them chosen for them. The bottom picture is Hitler youth. This is the leg of a suicide bomber. The thing I had to admit to myself with great repulsion was that I get it. I understand how this could happen. I understand. How someone's brain, how someone's mind can come to the place where it makes sense. In fact, it would be wrong when your brain is working like that, not to try to save the world through genocide. And so what is this? How does this work? How I come to view what happened to me is a viral, mimetic infection. For those of you who aren't familiar with mimetics, a meme has been defined as an idea that replicates in the human brain and moves from brain to brain like a virus. Much like a virus, the way a virus works is it's most, it can impact and do the most damage to someone.