 I don't use it to make juice. In fact, I bought the gold-plated special edition, and it comes with a little slip of paper that says, um, don't use this juice here to make juice. A acidic puff, the acid will ruin the gold-plating. So actually, I took a carton of orange juice and I poured it in the glass to take this picture. But beneath it is a wonderful knife. It's a global cutting knife made in Japan. First of all, look at the shape. It's just wonderful to look at. Second of all, it's really beautifully balanced, it holds the edge well. And third of all, it's so sharp, it just cuts. It's a delight to use. And so it's got everything, right? It's beautiful, and it's functional. And I can tell you stories about it, which makes it reflective. So you will see I have a theory of emotion, and those are the three components. Hiroshi Ishi, and his group at the MIT Media Lab, took a ping-pong table. And a projector above it, and on the ping-pong table, they projected an image of water and fish swimming in it. And as you play ping-pong, whenever the ball hits part of the table, the ripples spread out in the fish run away. But of course, then the ball hits the other side and the ripples are four fish, I can't find any decent quiet. Is that a good way to play ping-pong? No. But is it fun? Yeah. Yeah. So, or look at Google. If you type in, I'll say, emotion and design, you get 10 pages of results. So Google just took their logo and they spread it out. Instead of saying, you got 73,000 dollars. This is one through 20. Next, they just give you as many owes as there are pages. It's really simple and subtle. I bet a lot of you have seen it and never noticed it. That's a subconscious mind. Sort of notices it. It probably is pleasant, and you didn't know why. And it's just clever. And of course, what's especially good is you type design and emotion. The first response out of those 10 pages is my website. Now, the weird thing is Google lies. Because if I type design and emotion, it says, you don't need the end, we do it anyway. So, okay. So I type design, emotion. And my website wasn't first to you. It was third. Oh, well, different story. There was this wonderful review in the New York Times about the Mini Cooper automobile. It said, you know, this is a car that has lots of faults by it anyway. It's so much fun to draw. And if you look at the inside of the car, I mean, I've loved it. I wanted to see. I rented it. So this is me taking a picture while my son is driving. And the inside of the car, the whole design is fun. It's round. The control is work wonderful. So that's my new life. It's all about fun. I really have the feeling that pleasant things work better. And that never made any sense to me until I find it.