 We'll need to be this other wrong old age. Are you sick? I heard mom and Tizzy. This bird is sick, I was gonna die soon, but... Maybe not. It doesn't mean anybody I've ever met. There were many changes. Some you could see. Some you couldn't. Here I started growing all sorts of places. All without the things. I felt pretty good, considering. That was a clip from the curious case of Benjamin Button. Many you may have seen it or you've heard of the story. But what you might not know is that for nearly the first hour of the film, the main character, Benjamin Button, who's played by Brad Pitt, is completely computer generated from the neck up. Now, there's no use of prosthetic makeup or photography, Brad superimposed over another actor's body. We created a completely digital human head. So, I'd like to start with a little bit of history on the project. This is based on an F-Scott Fitzgerald short story. It's about a man who's born old and lives his life in reverse. Now, this movie's floated around Hollywood for well over half a century. We first got involved with the project in the early 90s, with Ron Howard as the director. We took a lot of meetings and we seriously considered it. At the time, we had to throw in the towel. It was deemed impossible. It was beyond the technology of the day to depict a man aging in backwards. The human form and particularly the human head has been considered the holy grail of our industry. The project came back just about a decade later, and this time with the director named David Fincher. Now, Fincher is an interesting guy. David is fearless of technology, and he is absolutely tenacious, and David won't take no. And David believed, like we do, in the visual effects industry, that anything is possible, as long as you have enough time, resources, and of course money. And so David had an interesting take on the film, and he, through a challenge at us, he wanted the film to be, or the main character of the film, to be played from the cradle to the grave by one actor. It happened to be this guy. We went through a process of elimination and a process of discovery with David. We ruled out, of course, swapping actors. That was one idea that we would have different actors. We would hand off from actor to actor. We even ruled out the idea of using makeup. We realized that prosthetic makeup just wouldn't hold up, particularly in close-up. And makeup is an additive process. You have to build the face up. And David wanted to carve deeply into Brad's face to bring the aging to this character. He needed to be very sympathetic character. So we decided to cast a series of little people that would play the different bodies of Benjamin, the different increments of his life, and that we would, in fact, create a computer-generated version of Brad's head, age to Pierce Benjamin, and attach that to the body of the real actor. Sounded great.