 all our resources. And so then I went out to develop a whole series on the landscape of oil. And what I want to do is to kind of map it an art that there's extraction where we're taking it from the ground refinement. And that's one chapter. The other chapter that I wanted to look at was how we use it, our cities, our cars, our motor cultures where people gather around the vehicle as a celebration. And then the third one is this idea of the end of oil. It's an entropic end where all of our parts of cars are tires, oil filters, helicopters, planes. Where are the landscapes? Where all that stuff ends up. And to me, again, photography was a way in which I can explore and research the world and find those places. And another idea that I had as well that was brought forward by an ecologist. And he basically did a calculation where he took one liter of gas and said, well, how much carbon it would take and how much organic material. It was 23 metric tons for one liter. So whenever I fill out my gas, I think of that liter and how much carbon. And I know that oil comes from the ocean, final fact, but he did the calculations for our Earth and what it had to do to produce that amount of energy. From the photosynthetic growth, it would take 500 years of that growth to produce what we use, the 30 billion barrels we use per year. And that also brought me to the fact that this pose is such a risk to our society. Looking at 30 billion per year, we look at our two largest suppliers, Saudi Arabia, and now Canada with its dirty oil. And together, they only form about 15 years of supply. The whole world of 1.2 trillion estimated reserves only gives us about 45 years. So it's not a question of if, but a question of when peak oil will come upon us. So to me, using photography, and I feel that all of us need to now begin to really take the task of using our talents, our ways of thinking, to begin to deal with what I think is probably one of the most challenging issues of our time, how to deal with our energy premises. And I would like to say that on the other side of 34 years from now, the children that I have, I can look at them and say, we did everything we possibly can to begin to mitigate this. What I feel is one of the most important and critical moments in our time. Thank you. Traffic is a global epidemic. US traffic is creating 45% of the world's air pollution. In the UK, time wasted in traffic costs 20 billion a year. Would you pay for cleaner air on a faster commute? Scott Cohen, would it to a vote? I voted for it. I voted for it.