 Einstein find a cure for her never-ending scratchy throat. Yeah. Well, Bob Russell was telling us about his work on nanotubes and his research at the microscopic level. Well, that's really cool, but what Einstein's really hoping is that maybe he'll genetically into nearby pound Pima. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no! Yeah, so you get really, really excited. That is one big Pima. Since Einstein is a bird, she's very interested in things that fly. She thinks Bert Rutan is very impressive. Oh, yeah. She especially likes his latest achievements. Space shit won. Einstein, would you like to ride on Bert's spaceship? Even if it doesn't have a laser, it would be you! Yeah, that is pretty funny, Einstein. Now Einstein also thinks, you know, working in caves and traveling through space, it's all very dangerous jobs. It would be very dangerous if you fell down. Yeah. Oh, it's flat up in the eye. Einstein did that hurt. Yeah, it's all a lot of hard work. Yeah, you can get a bird like Einstein frustrating. Sure can. But when Einstein needs to relax from her job educating the public, she loves to take in the arts. If the children of Uganda need another dance partner, Einstein can sure fit the bill because she loves to dance. Can you get down? Let's get down for everybody. Come on now. Just gonna make me do it too. Do your head now. All right. Or maybe Serena Wong would like to learn some Arya's on her violin and Einstein could sing along with some opera. Very good. Or maybe Stu just needs another backup singer. Einstein, can you also sing? And I need to get rid of that C first. Can you sing? Oh, there you go. And of course, if all else fails, you can just run off and enjoy a fun piesta. All right. Well, Einstein was pretty embarrassed to myth this earlier, but she was telling me backstage that she had a problem. No, I don't have a problem. You have a problem. Remember you were saying that you were really embarrassed because you're in love with a pirate. Yeah. There we go. I want the pirates like to drink. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. But you don't like to drink beer, Einstein. You like to drink water. Good. Now, really, she is pretty nervous because one of her favorite folks from back home is here and she's pretty nervous to meet him. She thinks Al Gore is a really good-looking man. What do you say the good-looking man? Okay. And said all the folks back home in Tennessee. And said she's such a big fan. She knows that it's birthdays coming at the end of March. And we didn't think he'd be in town then. So Einstein wanted to do something.