 Well-functioning markets provide choices and ultimately the ability to express one's pursuit for happiness. The Great Indian Economist, Amartya Sen, was awarded the Nobel Prize for demonstrating that famine is not so much about availability of food supply, but rather the ability to acquire or entitle oneself to that food through the market. In 1984, in what can only be considered one of the greatest crimes of humanity, nearly one million people died of starvation in my country of birth Ethiopia, not because there was not enough food, because there was actually a surplus or food in the fertile regions of the south, of parts of the country, but because in the north people could not access or entitle themselves to that food. That was a turning point for my life. Most Africans today by far are farmers, and most of Africa's farmers are by and large small farmers in terms of land that they operate and very, very small farmers in terms of the capital they have at their disposal. African agriculture today is among or is the most under-capitalized in the world. Only 7% of Arab land in Africa is irrigated compared to 40% in Asia. African farmers only use some 22 kilograms of fertilizer per hectare compared to 144 in Asia. Road density is six times greater in Asia than it is in Africa. There are eight times more tractors in Latin America and three times more tractors in Asia than in Africa. The small farmer in Africa today lives a life without much choice and therefore without much freedom. His livelihood is predetermined by the conditions of grinding poverty. He comes to the market when prices are lowest with the neager fruits of his hard labor, just after the harvest because he has no choice. She comes back to the market some months later when prices are highest, what we call the lean season, when food is scarce, because she has to feed her family and has no choice. The real question is how can markets be developed in rural Africa to harness the power of innovation and entrepreneurship that we know exists? Another notable economist, Tears Theatre Schultz, in 1974, won the Nobel Prize for demonstrating that farmers are efficient but poor. Meaning in fact that farmers are rational and profit minded just like everybody else. What we don't need now anymore Nobel Prizes to know that farmers want a fair shake at the market and want to make money just like everyone else. And one thing is clear, which is at least now we know that Africa is open for business.