 beyond the ones that we perceive with our senses. I wanted to know if what we human beings see and hear and think is a full and accurate picture of reality. So looking for answers, I went to Catholic Mass. I tagged along with my neighbors. I read Sartra and Socrates and then a wonderful thing happened when I was in high school. I was in a group of gurus from the east, started washing up on the shores of America. And I said to myself, I want to get me one of them. And ever since I've been walking the mystic path, trying to peer beyond what Albert Einstein called the optical delusion of everyday consciousness. So what did he mean by this? I'll show you. I'll put the breath right now of this clear air in this room. Now see this strange underwater coral refluxing thing. It's actually a person's trachea. And those colored globs are microbes that are actually swimming around in this room right now, all around us. But we're blind to this simple biology. Imagine what we're missing at the smallest subatomic level right now. And at the grandest cosmic levels, my years as a mystic have made me question almost all my assumptions. They've made me a proud, I don't know it all. Now when the mystic part of me jabbers on and on like this, the warrior rolls her eyes. She's concerned about what's happening in this world right now. She's worried. She says, excuse me, I'm pissed off and I know a few things and we better get busy about them right now. I spent my life as a warrior working for women's issues, working on political campaigns, being an activist for the environment. And it can be sort of crazy making, housing both the mystic and the warrior in one body. I've always been attracted to those rare people who pull that off, who devote their lives to humanity with the grit of the warrior and the grace of the mystic. People like Martin Luther King Jr. who wrote, I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be. This he wrote is the interrelated structure of reality. Then Mother Teresa, another mystic warrior who said, the problem with the world is that we draw the circle of our family.