 continues for a lot of people around the world and stop it. By giving kids a free school meal, it gets them into school, which is obviously education the first step out of poverty, but it also gives them the micronutrients and the macronutrients they need to really develop both mentally and physically. While I was working at the UN, I met this girl, her name was Lauren Bush, and she had this really awesome idea to sell the bag, call the feedback, which is really beautifully ironic, to strap on the feedback. But each bag we'd sell would provide a year's worth of school meals for one kid. It was so simple, and we thought, okay, it cost between $20 and $50 to provide school feeding for a year. We could sell these bags and raise a ton of money and a ton of awareness for the world good program. But of course, at the UN, sometimes things move slowly and they basically said, no, and we thought, this is such a good idea, and it's gonna raise so much money. So we said, Stuart, we'll just start our own company, which we did three years ago. So that was kind of my first dream. We just start this company called Feed, and here's a screenshot of our website. We did this bag, and for Haiti, and we launched it just a month after the earthquake to provide school meals for kids in Haiti. So Feed is doing great. We've so far provided 55 million meals to kids around the world by selling a 550,000 bags, ton of bags, a lot of bags. All this time, you're really, when you think about hunger, it's hard thing to think about, because what we think about is eating. I think about eating a lot, and I really love it. And it's a little strange about international hunger, and talking about international issues. Is it most people kind of want to know, what are you doing in America? What are you doing for America's kids? There's definitely hunger in America. 49 million people, and almost 16.7 million children. And that's pretty dramatic for our own country. Hunger definitely means something a little bit different in America than it does internationally, but it's incredibly important to address hunger in our own country. But obviously, the bigger problem that we all know about is obesity, and it's dramatic. The other thing that's dramatic is that both hunger and obesity have really risen in the last 30 years. Unfortunately, obesity is not only an American problem. It's actually been spreading all around the world, and mainly through our kind of food systems that we're exporting. The numbers are pretty crazy. There's a billion people obese are overweight, and a billion people hungry. So those seem like two bifurcated problems. But I kind of started to think about, what is obesity and hunger? What are both those things about? Well, they're both about food. And when you think about food, the underpinning of food in both cases is potentially problematic agriculture. And agriculture is where food comes from. Well, agriculture in America is very interesting. It's very consolidated, and the foods that are produced lead to the food that we eat. Well, the foods that are produced are more or less corn, soy, and weed. As you can see, that's three quarters of the food that we're eating for the most part, processed foods and fast foods. Unfortunately, in our agricultural system, we haven't done a good job in the last three decades of exporting those technologies around the world. So African agriculture, which is the place of most hunger in the world, has actually fallen precipitously as hunger has risen. So somehow, we're not making the connect between exporting a good agricultural system that'll help feed people all around the world. Who is farming? That's what I was wondering. So I went in stone, I had a big grain bin out in the Midwest. And that really didn't help me understand farmer, but I think it's a really cool picture.