 a form of improvisation called theater games, which had one rule, which I always thought was a great rule for an ethical society, and the rule was, you couldn't deny the other person's reality. You could only build on it. And of course, the living a society that's all about contradicting other people's reality, it's all about contradiction, which I think is why I'm so sensitive to contradiction in general while I see it everywhere, like poems. Now, it's always curious to me that in public opinion polls, the percentage of Americans who don't know the answer to any given question is always 2%. 75% of Americans think Alaska is part of Canada, but only 2% don't know the effect that the debacle on Argentina will have on the IMF's monetary policy. Here's a contradiction. Or this ad that I read in the New York Times, wearing a fine watch speaks loudly of your rank in society, buying it from a screen's good taste. Or this that I found in a magazine called California Lawyer in an article that surely meant for the lawyers at Enron, surviving the slammer, do's and don'ts. Don't use big words. Learn the Mingguo Flanca. Yeah, lingua this, Frankie, but... And I suppose it's a contradiction that I talk about science and when I don't know math, you know, because, and by the way, I was so grateful to Dean Cayman for pointing out that one of the reasons that there are cultural reasons that women and minorities don't enter the fields of science and technology, because, for instance, the reason I don't do math is I was taught to do math and read at the same time. So you're six years old, you're reading Snow White and Seven Dwarves. It becomes rapidly obvious that there are only two kinds of men in the world, boards and prince charmains, and the odds are seven to one against your finding the prince. That's why little girls don't do math. It's King Depression. I'm... Of course, by talking about science, I also may, as I did the other night, and through the violent wrath of some scientists, we're very upset with me. And I think it's... I use the word postmodern, is that we're okay. And they got... Very upset. I wanted them to as credit. I think really just wanted to engage me in a serious argument. But I don't engage in serious arguments. I don't approve of them. Because arguments, of course, are all about contradiction and they're shaped by the values that I have...