 Kind of a prime example in the demise of rural America. We've seen this story all over the country and even in places beyond the American borders. We know the symptoms. It's the hollowing out of small towns, downtown becoming ghost towns, the brain drain where all of the most educated and qualified leave and never come back. It's the dependence on farm subsidies and underperforming schools and higher poverty rates in rural areas than in urban. And Bertie County is no exception to this. Perhaps the biggest thing that it struggles with like many communities similar to it is that there's no shared collective investment in the future of rural communities. Only 6.8% of all are philanthropic giving in the US right now benefits rural communities and yet 20% of our population lives there. Bertie County is not only very rural, it's incredibly poor. It is the poorest county in the state. It has one in three of its children living in poverty. And it's what is referred to as a rural ghetto. The economy is mostly agricultural. The biggest crops are cotton and tobacco and we're very proud of our Bertie County peanut. The biggest employer is the Purdue chicken processing plant. The county's seat is Windsor. This is like the time square of Windsor that you're looking at right now. It's home to only 2,000 people and like a lot of other small towns, it has been hollowed out over the years. There are more buildings that are empty or in disrepair than occupied and in use. You can count the number of restaurants in the county on one hand. Buns barbecuing my absolute favorite. But in the whole county there's no coffee shop, there's no internet cafe, there's no movie theater, there's no bookstore, there isn't even a Walmart. Racial the county is about 60% African American but what happens in the public schools is most of the privileged white kids go to the private Lawrence Academy. So the public schools, students are about 86% African American and this is a spread from the local newspaper of the recent graduating class and you can see the difference is pretty stark. So to say that the public education system in Bertie County is struggling would be a huge understatement. There's basically no pool of qualified teachers to pull from and only 8% of the people in the county have a bachelor's degree or higher so there isn't a big legacy in the pride of education. In fact, two years ago, only 27% of all the third through eighth graders were passing the state standard in both English and math. So it sounds like I'm painting a really bleak picture of this place but I promise there is good news. The biggest asset in my opinion, one of the biggest assets in Bertie County right now is this man. This is Dr. Chip Zollinger, fondly known as Dr. Z. He was brought in in October 2007 as the new superintendent to basically fix this broken school system and he previously was superintendent in Charleston, South Carolina and then in Denver Colorado. He started some of the country's first charter schools in the late 80s in the US and he is