 in what have seen on the afternoon of September 12, 1609, when he sailed into New York Harbor. I'd like to tell you this story in three acts, and if I have time still, I'm not allowed. So act one, a map found. So I didn't grow up in New York, I grew up out west, and shared about a map that I wanted to see here, and the drug rock canyons. And from these early experiences of a child, I learned to love landscapes. It's when it became time for me to do my graduate studies. I studied this emerging field of landscape ecology. Landscape ecology concerns itself with how the stream and the meadow and the forest and the cliffs make habitat from plants and animals. This experience and this training led me to get a wonderful job with the Wildlife Conservation Society, which worked to save wildlife and wildlife from wild places all over the world. And over the last decade, I traveled to over 40 countries to see jaguars and bears and elephants and tigers and rhinos. But every time I would return from my trips, I would return back to New York City. And on my weekends, I would go out just like all the other tourists and top of the Empire State Building. And I'd look down on this landscape, on these ecosystems. And I'd wonder how does this landscape work to make habitat for plants and animals? How does it work to make habitat for animals like me? I go to Times Square and I look at the amazing ladies on the wall. And wonder why nobody's looking at the historical figures just behind them. I go to Central Park and see the rolling topography of Central Park come up against the abrupt and sheer topography of Midtown Manhattan. I started reading about the history and the geography in New York City. I read that New York City was the first mega city, the city of 10 million people or more in 1950. I started seeing paintings like this. For those of you who are from New York, this is 125th Street, the West Side Highway. It was once a beach and this painting has John James Audubon, the painter sitting on the rock. And it's looking up on the wooden heights and watching the heights to Jeffrey's hook where the George Washington Bridge goes across today. Or this painting from the 1740s from Greenwich Village. Those are two students, King's College, later Columbia University, sitting on a hill over looking at Valley. And so I go down to Greenwich Village and I would look for this hill and I couldn't find it and I couldn't find that palm tree. What's that palm tree doing there? So it was in the course of these investigations that I ran into a map and it's this map you see here. It's held in a geographic information system, which allows me to zoom in. This map isn't from Hudson's time but from the American Revolution 170 years later, made by British military cartographers during the occupation of New York City. And it's a remarkable map. It's in the National Archives here in Q and it's 10 feet long and 3.5 feet wide. And if I zoom in to Lower Manhattan, you can see the extent of New York City as it was right at the end of the American Revolution. Here's Bowling Green and here's Broadway and this is City Hall Park. So the city is basically extended to City Hall Park. Just beyond it you can see features that have vanished.