 them that's incredible and it's with us today. But that's just the beginning. You check your email while you're sitting here. In the future you're going to be checking all your vital signs. All your vital signs, your heart rhythm, your blood pressure, your oxygen, your temperature, etc. This is already available today. This is an ASTRIP technology. It's now wired or should say wireless by taking the aggregate of these signals in the hospital and intensive care unit and putting on a smart home for the four physicians. If you're an expectant parent, what about ability to monitor continuously fetal heart rate or intrauterine contractions? And not having to worry so much that things are fine as the pregnancy and moving over into the time of delivery. And then as we go further, today we have continuous glucose sensors. Right now they're under the skin, but in the future they won't have to be implanted. And of course the desired range is trying to keep glucose between 75 and less than 200, checking it every five minutes. And the continuous glucose sensor, you'll see how that can impact diabetes. And what about sleep? We're going to zoom in on that a little bit. So just spend a third of our life and sleep. What if on your phone, which will be available in the next few weeks, you had every minute of your sleep displayed. And this is a course where you can see the wake is the orange, the REM sleep, rapid eye moving, dream state is in light green and light is gray, light sleep and deep sleep. The best restorative sleep is that dark green. How about county every calorie? And this is ability it's in real time to actually take measurements of caloric intake as well as expenditure through band-aid. Now what I've talked about is physiologic metrics, but when I want to get to the next frontier very quickly and why this deficit is on its way out, is because we can transcend listening to the vowel sounds and the rest sounds because now introduced by G is a handheld ultrasound. Why is this important? Because this is so much more sensitive. Here is an example of a abdominal ultrasound and also a cardiac echo, which can be sent wireless and then there's an example of fetal monitoring on your smartphone. So we're not just talking about physiologic metrics, the key measurements of vital signs and all those things in physiology, but also all the imaging that one could look at in your smartphone. Now this is an example of another obsolete technology soon to be buried. The Holter 24 hour recording, lots of wires. This is now a little tiny patch. You can put it on for two weeks and send it in the mail. Now how does this work? Well, there's a smart band-aid or these sensors that one would put on on a shoe or the wrist and this sends a signal. It creates a body area network