 If you just walk outside, there are trillions of dollars that have been invested in infrastructure around the world putting up wires to get power for where it's created to where it's used. The other thing is, we love batteries, and for those of us that have an environmental element to us, there's something like 40 billion disposable batteries built every year. For power that generally speaking is used within a few inches or a few feet of where there's very inexpensive power. So before I sort of got here, I thought, you know, I am from North America, we do have a little bit of a reputation in the United States, so I thought it better look it up first. So definition number six is the North American definition of the word suck. Wires suck, they really do. Think about it, whether that's you in that picture or something under your desk, the other thing is, battery suck too. And they really, really do. Do you ever wonder what happens to this stuff? 40 billion of these things built? This is what happens. They fall apart, they disintegrate, and they end up here. So when you talk about expensive power, the cost per kilowatt hour to supply battery power to something is on the order of two to 300 pounds. Think about that. The most expensive grid power in the world is thousands of that. So fortunately, one of the other definitions of suck was in there, it does create a vacuum, and nature really does a poor vacuum. And so what happened back a few years ago was a group of theoretical physicists at MIT actually came up with this concept of transferring power over distance. Basically, they were able to light a 60 watt light bulb at a distance of about two meters. They took out about 50% of the efficiency, by the way, that's still a couple thousand times more efficient than a battery would be to do the same thing. But we're able to light that and do it very successfully. This was actually the experiment, so you can see that coils were somewhat larger. The light bulb was a fairly simple task from their standpoint. This all came from a professor waking up at night to the third night in a row that his wife's cell phone was beeping because it was running out of battery power. And he was thinking, would all the electricity that's out there in the walls, why couldn't some of that just come into the phone so I could get some sleep? And he actually came up with this concept of resonant energy transfer, but inside a standard transformer, two coils of wire. And those two coils of wire are really, really close to each other and actually do transfer power magnetically and wirelessly, only over a very short distance. So Dr. Solichich figured out how to do, to separate the coils into transformer to a greater distance than the size of those transformers using this technology, which is not dissimilar from the way an opera singer shows it.