 And our system was rudimentary. It was very basic. It was a mashup that used data that we collected from people and put it on a map. But then we decided we needed to do something more. We needed to take what we had built, create a platform out of it so that it could be used elsewhere in the world. And so there's a team of developers from all over Africa who are part of this team there, Tungana, some Malawi, and Kenya. There's even something in the US. We're building for smartphones so they can be used in the developed world as well as the development. We're realizing that this is true. If it works in Africa, then it will work anywhere. And so we built for it in Africa first, then we moved to the edges. It's now been deployed in the Democratic Republic of Congo, is being used by NGOs all over East Africa, small NGOs doing their own little projects. And just this last month, it was deployed by Al Jazeera in Gaza. But that's actually not what I'm here to talk about. I'm here to talk about the next big thing. Because what we're finding out is that we have this capacity to report, I'm in this account of what's going on in real time. And we're seeing this in events like Mumbai, where it's so much easier to report now than it is to consume. There's so much information. What do you do? This is the Twitter reports for over three days, just covering Mumbai. How do you decide what is important? What's the veracity level of what you're looking at? So what we find is that there's this great deal of waste of crisis and damage. Because it's just too much information for us to actually do anything with right. And what we're actually really concerned with is this first three hours. What we're looking at is the first three hours of how do we deal with that information that's coming in that you can't understand what is actually happening. And on the ground and around the world, people are still curious and trying to figure out what's going on that they don't know. So what we've built, of course, we should be is crowdsourcing this information. And you know, you see this with Twitter too. You get this information overload. So you've got a lot of information. That's great. But now what? So we think that there's something interesting we can do here. And we have a small team who's working with us. We think that we can actually create a crowdsourced building, take the crowd, and apply them to the information. And by rating it and rating the different people who submit information. We can get refined results and weighted results so that we have a better understanding of the probability of something being true or not. And this is a kind of innovation that is quite frankly it's interesting that it's coming from Africa. It's coming from places that you wouldn't expect from young smart developers. And it's a community around it that has decided to build this. So thank you very much. And we are very happy to be part of a head family.