 lexicographical is the same pattern as eagled and biggly, right? It's a fun word to say and I get to say it a lot. Now, one of the non perks of being a lexicoggerver is that people don't usually have a kind of warm fuzzy snuggly image of the dictionary, right? Nobody hugs their dictionaries, but what people really often think about the dictionary is they think more like this, just to let you know I do not have a lexicographical whistle. But people think that my job is to let the good words make that difficult left hand turn into the dictionary and keep the bad words out. But the thing is, I don't want to be a traffic cop. For one thing, I just do not do uniforms. And for another, deciding what words are good and what words are bad is actually not very easy and it's not very fun. And when parts of your job are not easy or fun, you kind of look for an excuse not to do them. So if I had to think of some kind of occupation as a metaphor for my work, I would much rather be a fisherman. I want to throw my big net into the deep blue ocean of English and see what marvelous creatures I can drag out from the bottom. But why do people want me to direct traffic when I would much rather go fishing? Well, I blame the queen. Well, why do I blame the queen? Well, first of all, I blame the queen because it's fun. But secondly, I blame the queen because dictionaries have really not changed our idea of what a dictionary is has not changed since her reign. The only thing that Queen Victoria would not be abused by in modern dictionaries is our inclusion of the effort, which has happened in American dictionaries since 1965. So there's this guy, right? Victorian era James Murray, first ever the Oxford English Dictionary. I do not have that hat. I wish I had that hat. So he's really responsible for a lot of what we consider modern dictionaries today. When a guy who looks like that in that hat is the face of modernity, you have a problem. And so James Murray could get a job on any dictionary today. There will be virtually no learning curve. And of course, to be able to say, okay, computers, computers, what about computers? I think about computers is I love computers. I mean, I'm a huge geek. I love computers. I would go on a hunger strike before I let them take away Google Book Search from me. But computers don't do much else other than speed up the process of compiling dictionaries. They don't change the end result. Because what a dictionary is is its Victorian design merged with a little bit of modern propulsion, its steam puck. What we have is an electric velocity. You know, we have Victorian design with an engine on it. That's all. If the design has not changed and we're okay, what about online dictionaries? Right? Online dictionaries must be different. This is the Oxford English Dictionary Online, one of the best online dictionaries. This is my favorite.