 is in developing countries, not in the West, and yet 90% of the resources are in the West. Who is at risk? People like you, is not just the Africans that should be concerned about that. All friends of Africa that will have reason to be in Africa. At some point in time, should be very concerned about this deplorable situation. Has anyone here warned that what will happen if you go back to your room at night? And you say, get me chest pain, shortness of bread, sweating, you're having a heart attack. What are you going to do? Will you fly back to the US, Germany, Europe? No, you will die. 50% will die within 24 hours, if not treated. This is what's going on. You know, look at the map of the US, the graph here. 10 million people here, 10 million people here. By the time you get to 50, it's almost no one left in Nigeria. Life expectancy is 47. It's not because some people don't survive childhood illnesses. They do, but they do not survive after the time that they reach about 45 years old and 50 years old. And those are the times they're most productive. Those are the times that they should be contributing to Africa's development. But they're not there. The best way to spiral into a cycle of poverty is to kill the parents. If you cannot secure the parents, you cannot guarantee the security of the African child. What are the risk factors? It's very well known. I'm not going to spend a lot of time on those. These are just for information, hypertension, diabetes, obesity, lack of exercise, the usual soft facts right here in Tanzania. 25% of individuals have hypertension. 20% are getting treated. Only less than 1% are equally treated. If we can treat hypertension alone in Africa, we'll save 250,000 lives a year. That's quite significant. Easy to treat. Look at the situation in Mauritius. In eight short years, we're here talking about HIV malaria, which is all good. We cannot make the mistakes we've made with malaria and HIV. In eight short years, non-communicable diseases will become the leading causes of death in Africa. That is something to keep in mind. We can't deal with it with situations like this. This is a typical African hospital. We can't depend on the elites. They go to USA, Germany, UK for treatment. Unbelievable. You can't depend on foreign aid alone. Here is the situation. The countries are turning inwards. Post-9-11, the United States has had a lot of trouble to deal with their own internal issues. So they spend their money trying to fix those problems. You can't rightly, it's not their responsibility. It is my responsibility.