 see there. So if we have a quick look at the history of Symatics, beginning with the observations of residents by DaVinci, Galileo, the English scientist Robert Hook, and then Ernest Kladney, and he created an experiment using metal plate covering it with sand and then bowing it and create the Kladney patterns you see here on the ride. Moving on from this, the next person to explore this field was the gentleman called Hans Yenny in the 1970s, and he actually coined the term Symatics. And then bringing us into the present day is a fellow collaborator of mine in Symatics expert John Stuart Reid, and he's kindly recreated for us the Kladney experiment. What we can see here is the metal sheet this time connected to a sound driver and being fed by a frequency generator. And as the frequency is increased, set in the complexities of the patterns that appear on the plate. As you can see, be very nice. So what excites me about Symatics? Well, for me, Symatics is an almost magical tool. It's like a looking glass into a hidden world, and through the numerous ways that we can apply Symatics, we can actually start to unveil the substance of things, not see. Devices like the cymascope you can see here are being used to scientifically observe Symatic patterns, and the list of scientific applications is growing every day. For example, in oceanography, a lexicon of dolphin language is actually being created by basically visualizing the sonar beams that the dolphins emit, and hopefully in the future we'll be able to gain some deeper understanding of how they communicate. Where you can also use Symatics healing and education, this is an installation developed with school children, where they hands attract, and it allows them to control and position Symatic patterns and the reflections that are caused by them. We can also use Symatics as a beautiful natural art form. This image here is created from a snippet of Beethoven's knife simply playing through a Symatic device, so it kind of flips things on its head a little bit, and this is Pink Floyd's machine, playing in real time through the Symatics. We can also use Symatics as a looking glass into nature, and we can actually recreate the archetype in forms of nature. So for example, here on the left we can see a snowflake, as it would appear in nature, and then on the right we can see a Symatically created snowflake, and here's a starfish and a Symatic starfish, and there's thousands of these. So what does this all mean? Well, there's still a lot to explore, and it's early days, and there's not many people working in this field, but consider for a moment that sound does have form, and we've seen that it can affect matter and cause form within matter. Then sort of take a leap and think about the universe forming, and think about the immense sound of the universe forming. And if we kind of ponder on that, then perhaps