 we kind of put two and two together. And in early 2006, we launched Twitter as a side project in ODE. Now it's hard to justify during a side project at a startup where focus is so critical, but I had actually launched Blogger as a side project in my previous company, thinking it was just a little thing we do on the side. And it ended up taking over not only the company, but my life for the next five or six years. So I'd learn to kind of follow hunches, even though you can't necessarily justify them or know where they're gonna go. And that's kind of what's happened with Twitter time after time. So for those of you unfamiliar, Twitter is based around a very simple, seemingly trivial concept. You say what you're doing and 140 characters or less, and people who are interested in you get those updates. If they're really interested, they get the update as a text message on their cell phone. So for instance, I'm a Twitter right now that I'm giving a talk at TED. And in my case, when I hit send up to 60,000 people, will receive that message in matter of seconds. Now, fundamental ideas, Twitter lets people share moments of their lives whenever they want, be they momentous occasions or mundane ones. Is by sharing these moments as they're happening that lets people feel more connected and in touch, despite distance in real time. This is the primary use we saw of Twitter from the beginning, and what got us excited. What we didn't anticipate was the many, many other uses that would evolve from this very simple system. One of the things we realized was how important Twitter could be for in real time events. When the wildfires broke out in San Diego in October 2007, people turned to Twitter to report what was happening and to find information from neighbors about what was happening around it. But it wasn't just individuals. The LA Times actually turned to Twitter to dispense information as well, and put a Twitter feed on the front page, and the LA Fire Department and Reg Cross used it to dispense news and updates as well. At this event, dozens of people here are Twittering, thousands of people around the world are following along because they want to know what it feels like to be here, and what's happening. Among the other interesting things that have cropped up is many things from businesses, from marketing and communications and predictable things, to an insanely popular Korean barbecue taco truck who drives around LA in Twitter's where it stops, causing a line to form around the block. Politicians have recently begun Twittering. In fact, there's 47 members of Congress currently have Twitter accounts, and they're tweeting, in some cases, from behind closed door sessions with the president. In this case, this guy's not liking what he's hearing. The president of the cell is our most popular Twitter user, although his tweets have dropped off as of lately. While Senator McCain's have picked up, as of this guys, Twitter was originally...