 Looking at your vagina, she said, is a full day's work. You've got to get down there on your back in front of a mirror full length preferred. You've got to get in the perfect position with the perfect light which then becomes shadowed by the angle you're at. You're twisting your head up arching your back. It's exhausting. She was busy. She didn't have time. So I decided to talk to women about their vaginas. They began as casual vagina interviews and they turned into vaginal monologues. I talked with over 200 women. I talked to older women, younger women, married women, lesbian, single women. I talked to corporate professionals, college professors, actors, sex workers. I talked to African American women, Asian American women, Native American women, Caucasian women, Jewish women. Okay. At first women were a little shy, little reluctant to talk. Once they got going, you couldn't stop them. Women love to talk about their vaginas. They do. Mainly because no one's ever asked them before. Let's just start with the word vagina. Vagina. Vagina. It sounds like an infection at best. Maybe a medical instrument. Haringar, spring the vagina. Vagina. Vagina. Vagina. Vagina. It doesn't matter how many times you say the word never sounds like the word you want to say. It's a completely ridiculous, totally unstexable word. If you use it during sex, trying to be politically correct, darling, would you stroke my vagina? You kill the act right there. I'm worried what we call them and don't call them. In Great Next New York they call it a pussycat. Tell me they're her mother used to tell her, don't wear panties. You need to air out your pussycat. In Westchester they call it a pooh-key in New Jersey a 12. There's powder box, dairy air, a pooh-key, a pooh-key, a pooh-pe-a-pooh-loo, a pooh-ninana, a patipochewch-key, a pow and a peach. There's toady, dibi, ni-shi, dignity, kuchis-norcher, kudr, labi, gladisiegoman, va, wee-wee, horse-bought, napi-dug-out, mango, gulie, powder box, aminea, miani, a split-conditioned Philadelphia, anishmendi in the Bronx. I am worried about the gymnast. This is how the Gina monologues begins. But it really didn't begin there. It began with a conversation with a woman who were having a conversation about menopause, and we got on to subject her to the Gina, which she'll do if you're talking about menopause. And she said things that really shocked me about menopause.