 in history, a group of powerful people invested in owning and controlling the world understood that the suppression of this particular cells, the oppression of these cells, the interpretation of these cells, the undermining of these cells, getting us to believe in the weakness of these cells and the crushing, eradicating, destroying, reducing these cells basically began the process of killing off the girl cell, which was, by the way, patriarch. I want you to imagine that the girl is a chip in the huge macrocosm collective consciousness and it is essential to balance, to wisdom and to actually the future of all of us. And then I want you to imagine that this girl cell is compassion and its empathy and its passion itself and its vulnerability and its openness and its intensity and its association and its relationship and it is intuitive. And then let's think how compassion informs wisdom and that vulnerability is our greatest strength and then emotions have inherent logic which lead to radical, appropriate, saving action. And then let's remember that we can talk the exact opposite by the powers that be that compassion, clouds your thinking, that it gets in the way, that vulnerability is weakness, that emotions are not to be trusted and you're not supposed to take things personally. Which is one of my favorites. I think the whole world has essentially been brought up not to be a girl. How do we bring up boys? What does it mean to be a boy? To be a boy really means not to be a girl. To be a man means not to be a girl. To be a woman means not to be a girl. To be strong means not to be a girl. To be a leader means not to be a girl. I actually think that being a girl is so powerful that we've had to train everyone not to be one. And I'd also like to say that the ironing of course is that denying girl, suppressing girl, suppressing emotion, refusing feeling, has led us here. Where we have now come to live in a world where the most extreme forms of violence, the most horrific poverty, genocide, mass rape, the destruction of the earth is completely out of control and because we have suppressed our girl selves and suppressed our girl shift, we do not yield what is going on. So we are not being charged with the adequate response to what is happening. I want to talk a little bit about the Democratic Republic of Congo. For me, it was the turning point of my life. I have spent a lot of time there in the last three years. I feel up to that point I had seen a lot in the world, a lot of violence. I've essentially lived in the right minds of the world for the last 12 years. But the Democratic Republic of Congo really was the turning point in