 Translate said as in the name of God, they're compassionating the compassionate. And in the saying of Quran, which Muslims is God speaking to humanity, God says to his Prophet Muhammad, who we believed with the last of a series of prophets, beginning with Adam, including Noah, including Moses, including Abraham, including Jesus Christ and ending with Muhammad. He said that we have not sent you, or Muhammad, except as a Rahma, except as a source of compassion to humanity. And for us, human being, and certainly for us as Muslims, whose mission and whose purpose in following the path of the Prophet is to make ourselves as much like the Prophet, and the Prophet in one of his sayings said, Adorn yourselves with the attributes of God. And because God himself said that the primary attribute of his is compassion. In fact, Quran says that God decreed upon himself compassion or reigned himself in compassion. Therefore our objective and our mission must be to be sources of compassion, activators of compassion, actors of compassion, and speakers of compassion, and doers of compassion. That is all well and good. But where do we go wrong? And what is the source of the lack of compassion in the world? For the answer to this, we turn to our spiritual path. In every religious tradition, there is what you call the outer path, and the inner path, or the exoteric path and the exoteric path. The exoteric path of Islam is more properly known as Sufism or the Salaf in Arabic. And these doctors or these masters, these spiritual masters of Sufism refer to teachings, examples of our Prophet that teach us where the source of our problem is mine. In one of the battles the Prophet waged, he told his followers, we are returning from the lesser war to the greater war, to the greater battle. And they said, messenger of God, we are battle weary. How can we go to a greater battle? Because that is the battle of the Self, the battle of the ego. The sources of human problems have to do with egoism. I, the famous Sufi master,