 as peoples to meet with me and meet us from around the world because he wanted to learn from each other, he wanted to share our stories with each other. The Ashian Incah people are known throughout South America for their dignity, their spirit, and their resistance, starting with the Incas and continuing through the 19th century with the rubber tapers. Today's biggest threat to the Ashian Incah people and to Binky comes from illegal logging, people who come into the beautiful forest and cut down ancient Mahogany trees, float them down the river to rolled markets. Binky knew this, he could see what was happening to his forest, to his environment, because he was taken under his grandfather's wing when he was only two years old to begin to learn about the forest and the way of life of his people. His grandfather died when he was only ten and at that young age, ten years old, Binky became the Pajay of his community. Now in the Ashian Incah tradition and culture, the Pajay is the most important person in the community. This is the person who contains within him all the knowledge, all the wisdom of centuries and centuries of life and not just about his people, but about everything that his people survival depended on, the trees, the birds, the water, the soil, the forest. So when he was only ten and he became the Pajay, he began to lead his people. He began to talk to them about the forest that they needed to protect the way of life they needed to nurture. He explained to them that it was not a question of survival of the fittest. It was a question of understanding what they needed to survive and to protect that. Eight years later, when he was a young man of eighteen, Binky left the forest for the first time. He went three thousand miles on an Odyssey to Rio to the Earth's summit, to tell the world what was happening in his tiny little corner. He went because he hoped the world would listen. Some did, not everybody. But if you could imagine this young man with his head dressed in his flowing robe, learning a new language, Portuguese, not to mention English, going to Rio, building a bridge to reach out to people he'd never met before, a pretty hostile world. But he wasn't just made. Binky came back to his village full of ideas, new technologies, new research, new ways of understanding what was going on. Since that time, he's continued to work with his people and not only the Ashony Nation, but all the peoples of the Amazon and beyond. He's built schools to teach children to care for the forest.