 compared to his neighbors. If he was just chance or destiny or what? Now, after admonishing us for turning the temperature up too high, he would tell us that our question was completely stupid. These corals can be quite a mean, you see, and I have surfing scars to prove that. But this polyp would continue and tell us that his neighbors were quite clearly identical copies of him, that he was in all these other locations as well, but experiencing them as separate individuals. For a coral, branching into different copies is the most natural thing in the world. Unlike us, a hyperintelligent coral would be uniquely prepared to understand quantum accounts. The mathematics of quantum mechanics very accurately describes how our universe works, and it tells us our reality is continually branching into different possibilities, just like a coral. It's a weird thing for us humans to wrap our minds up, since we only ever get to experience one possibility. This quantum weirdness was first described by Irwin Schrodinger and his cat, Cat Lexus version better. In this setup, Schrodinger is in a box with a radioactive sample that, by the laws of quantum mechanics, branches into a state in which it is radiated and a state in which it is not. In the branching which the sample radiates, it sets off a trigger that releases poison and Schrodinger's dead. But in the other branch of reality here remains a lot. These realities are experienced separately by each individual, as far as either can tell the other one doesn't exist. This seems weird to us, because each of us only experiences an individual existence, and we don't get to see other branches. It's as if each of us, like Schrodinger here, are a kind of coral, branching into different possibilities. The mathematics of quantum mechanics tells us this is how the world works at tiny scales, can be summed up in a single sentence. Everything that can happen does, that's quantum mechanics. But this does not mean everything happens. The rest of physics is about describing what can happen and what can't. What physics tells us is that everything comes down to geometry and the interactions of elementary particles. And things can happen only if these interactions are perfectly balanced. Now go ahead and describe how we know about these particles, what they are, and how this balance works. In this machine, a beam of protons and antiprotons are accelerated to near the speed of light and drop together in a collision, producing a burst of pure energy. This energy is immediately converted into a spray of subatomic particles, with detectors and computers used to figure out their properties. This enormous machine, the Large Hadron Collider, it's CERN and Geneva, has a succumbence of 17 miles, and when it's operating, draws five times as much power as the city of Monoray. We can't predict specifically what particles will be produced in any individual collision. Quantum mechanics tells us all possibilities are realized. But physics does tell us what particles can be produced.