 What about time and gas? So traffic keeps flowing, so that means less braking, which means less accelerating, less gas and less pollution. Less time wasted and that partly accounts for Europe's better efficiency than we have in the United States. So unsignalized intersections, meaning stop signs, they save many lives, but there's excessive proliferation of them. It's small roundabouts of starting to appear. This is one in my neighborhood and they are much better. The better the traffic life, the better the police stop signs, they're expensive to install, but they're more expensive not to. So we should look at that, but they're not applicable in all situations. So take for example the three-way intersection. So it's logical that you would have one there on the mine road into the major, but the other two are somewhat questionable. So here's one, there's another one of my study, their cars rarely appear on that third road. And so the question is what does that cost us? That intersection looked at had about 3000 cars per day in each direction, and so that's two ounces of gas to accelerate out of that's five cents each and time 3000 cars per day, that's $51,000 per year. That's just the gasoline cost. There's also pollution where in the car and time. What's that time worth? Well, 10 seconds per 3000 cars, that's 8.3 hours per day, that's at average weight in the US $20 an hour, that is 60,000 per year, add that together with the gas and it's $112,000 per year just for that sign in each direction. Just count that back to the present at 5%. Over two million dollars for a stop sign in each direction. Now, if you look at what that adjacent property is worth, you could actually buy the property and cut down the shredder we'd improve the sideline and then sell it off again and you still come out ahead. So it makes one wonder why is it there? I mean, why is there that stop sign in this direction because it's saving lives. So is there a better way to accomplish that goal? The answer is to enable cars to come in from that side road safely because there are a lot of people who I live up there and if they're waiting forever the long queue could form because the cars aren't slowing down in the main road, can that be accomplished with existing signs? So there's a long history of stop signs and yield signs, stop signs from it in 2015, yield signs from 1950, but that's all we got. So why not use a yield sign? Well, the meaning of yield is you must yield the right of way. That means if there are five cars waiting, if the way it's until they all go, then you go. It lacks the notion of alternating or taking turns and it's always on the minor road allowing the major ones to have primacy. So it's hard to create a new meaning for these existing signs. You couldn't suddenly tell everyone, okay, remember what you used to do at yield signs now, which is something different. That would not work. So what the world needs now is a new type of sign. So you have a little instruction below it for those who didn't see the public service announcements and it merges the stop sign in yield signs. It's kind of shaped like a T as in taking turns and uncertainty results in caution. When people come to an unfamiliar situation, they don't know how to deal with. They slow down. So now