 proof. A few years ago Kevin Kelly, my partner and I noticed that people were subjecting themselves through genes, quantitative measurements, self-tracking that went far beyond that were very familiar habits such as stepping on the scale every day. People were tracking their food via Twitter, their kids' diapers on their iPhone. They were making detailed journals of their spending, their mood, their symptoms, their treatments. Now we know some of the technological facts that are driving this change in our lifestyle that uptake the fusion of mobile devices, the exponential improvement in data storage, data processing, and the remarkable improvement in human biometric sensors. This little black dot there is a 3D accelerometer that tracks your movement through space. It's as you can see very small and also very cheap. They're now down to well under a dollar piece and they're all kinds of devices but what's interesting is the incredible detailed information that you get from just one sensor like this. This kind of sensor is in the kit biometric device among early adopters at the moment, the fit bit, this tracks your activity and also your sleep has just that sensor in it. You're probably familiar with the Nike Plus system. I just put it up because that little love, the dot is the sensor. It's really just a pressure sensor like the kind that's in a doorbell and Nike knows how to get your pace and distance from just that sensor. This is the strap that people use to transmit heart rate data to the Nike Plus system. This is a beautiful new device that gives you detailed sleep tracking data. Not just whether you're asleep or awake but also your face of sleep, deep sleep, light sleep, REM sleep. The sensor is just a little strip of metal in that headband there. The rest of it is bedside console. Just for reference, this is the sleep tracking system just a few years ago. I mean really until now and this is the food practice system of today. This just was presented at a healthcare conference in BC. Most of what you see there is an asthma inhaler but the top is a very small GPS transceiver which gives you the date and location of an asthma incident, giving you new awareness of your vulnerability in relation to time and environmental factors. Now we know that new tools are changing our sense of self in the world. These tiny sensors that gather data in nature that ubiquitous computing that allows that data to be understood and used and of course the social networks that allow people to collaborate and contribute. But we think of these tools as pointing outward as windows and I just like to invite you to think of them as also turning inward.