 including changing biology. I'm starting to story with you, the first atomic bomb at Trinity, which was a Manhattan project. It was a little bit like Ted, it brought a whole lot of very smart people together. And three of the smartest people were Stan Ulam, Richard Feynman, and John Van Neumann. And it was Van Neumann who said, after the bomb, he was working on something much more important than bombs. He's thinking about computers. So he wasn't only thinking about him, he built one. This is the machine he built. He built this machine. He built this machine. And we had a beautiful demonstration of how this thing really works in these little bits. And it's an idea that goes way back. The first person to really explain that was Thomas Hobbs who in 1651 explained how arithmetic and logic are the same thing. And if you want to do artificial thinking and artificial logic, you can do it all with arithmetic. He said you needed addition and subtraction. Lidemits he came a little bit later. This is 1679, showed that he didn't even need subtraction. He can do the whole thing with addition. Here we have all of the binary arithmetic and logic to drove the computer revolution. And Lidemits was the first person to really talk about building such a machine. He talked about doing it with marbles, having gates, and what we now call shift register, where you shift the gates and drop the marbles down the tracks. And that's what all these machines are doing to have instead of doing it with marbles, they're doing it with electrons. And then we jump to Van Neumann 1945 when he's re-invents the whole same thing. And 1945 after the war, the electronics existed to actually try and build such a machine. So June 1945, the backseat bomb hasn't even dropped yet. And Van Neumann is putting together all the theory to actually build this thing. Which also goes back to Turing, who before that gave the idea that you could do all this with a very brainless little finite state machine, just reading a tape in and reading a tape out. The other sort of genesis of what Van Neumann did was the difficulty of how to predict the weather, who has been so how you could do this with a cellular array of people giving them each a little chunk and putting it together. Here we have an electrical model illustrating a mind, having a will, but capable of only two ideas. And that's this is really the simplest computer. So it's basically why you need to cube it, because it only has two ideas. And you put lots of those together, you get the essentials of the monocopier. These arithmetic unit, the central control, the memory, the recording medium, the input, and the output. But there's one catch. This is the fatal, you saw it in the starting of these programs up. The instructions which governance operation must be given in absolutely exhausted detail. So the programming has to be perfect or it won't work. If you look at the origins of this, the classic history sort of takes it all back to the end.