 Now wait a minute you may say how can you go straight to controlling the brain without understanding it first? Isn't that putting the card before the horse? Many neuroscientists agree with this and think that understanding will come from more detailed observation and analysis. They say if we could record the activity of all neurons we would understand the brain. But think for a moment what that means. Even if we could measure what every cell is doing at all times we would still have to make sense of the recorded activity patterns. And that's so difficult chances are we'll understand these patterns just as little as the brains that produce them. Take a look at what brain activity might look like. In this simulation each black dot is one nerve. The dot is visible whenever the cell fires an electric ring. There's 10,000 neurons here. So you're looking at roughly 1% of the brain of the cockroach. Your brains are about 100 million times more complicated. Somewhere in a pattern like this is you. Your perceptions, your emotions, your memories, your plans for the future. But we don't know where since we don't know how to read the pattern. We don't understand the code used by the brain. To make progress we need to break the code. But how? An experienced code breaker will tell you that in order to figure out what the symbol in a code mean it's essential to be able to play with them, to rearrange them at will. So in this situation too, to decode the information contained in patterns like this, watching a long one too, we need to rearrange the pattern. In other words, instead of recording the activity of neurons, we need to control. It's not essential that we can control the activity of all neurons in the brain. Just some. The more targeted our interventions, the better. And I'll show you in a moment how we can achieve the necessary precision. And since I'm realistic rather than grandiose, I don't claim that the ability to control the function of the nervous system will at once unravel all its mysteries. But we'll certainly learn a lot. Now I'm by no means the first person to realize how powerful the tool interventions. The history of attempts to think of as the function of the nervous system is long and the last. It dates back at least 200 years to Galvanis famous experiments in the late 18th century and long. Galvanis showed that the frog's legs twitched when he connected the lumbar nerve to a source of electrical current. This experiment revealed the first and the second.