 So from both directions, this is kind of a lack of understanding about what it could mean to be an artist who uses the materials of his own day or her own day, which I think artists are obliged to do is to really explore the expressive potential of the new tools that we have. In my own case, I'm an artist and I'm really interested in expanding the vocabulary of human action and basically empowering people through interactivity. I want people to discover themselves as actors by having as creative actors, by having interactive experiences. Now, a lot of my work is about trying to get away from this. This is the photograph of the desktop of a student of mine. Now, when I say desktop, I don't just mean the actual desk where his mouse is worn away, the surface of the desk. If you look carefully, you can even see a hint of the Apple menu up here in the upper left, where the virtual world has literally punched through to the physical. So this is, as Joy Malper once said, the mouse is probably the narrowest straw you could try and suck all human expression through. And the thing I've really been trying to do is in enabling people to have more rich kinds of interactive experiences, how can we get away from the mouse and use our full bodies as a way of exploring aesthetic experiences, not necessarily utilitarian ones. So I write software and that's how I do it. And a lot of my experiences resemble mirrors in some way because this is in some sense the first way that people discover their own potential as actors and discover their own agency by seeing who's that person in the mirror. Oh, it's actually me. So give an example. This is a project from last year, which is called the interstitial fragment processor. And it allows people to explore the negative shapes that they create when they're just going about their everyday business. So as people make shapes with their hands and their heads and so forth with each other, these shapes literally produce sounds and drop out of thin air, basically taking what's often this kind of unseen space or this undetected space and making it something real that people then can appreciate and become creative with. So again, people discover their creative agency in this way and their own personalities come out in totally unique ways. So in addition to using full body input, something that I've explored now for a while has been the use of voice, which is an immensely expressive system for us vocalizing. Song is one of our oldest ways of making ourselves heard and understood. And I came across this fantastic research by Wolfgang Kohler, the so-called father of Gestalt Psychology from 1927, who submitted to an audience like yourself the following two shapes. And he said one of them is called Maluma, one's called Takita, which is which. And anyone want to hazard a guess? Maluma is on top. Yeah, so as he says here, most people answer without any hesitation. So what we're really seeing here is a phenomenon called...