 Environmentally, meat amazingly causes more emissions than all of the transportation combined. Cars, trains, planes, buses, boats, all of it. And beef production uses 100 times the water the most vegetables do. I also knew that I'm not alone. Me as a society are eating twice as much meat as we did in the 50s. So what was once the special little side treat now is the main, much more regular. So really any of these angles should have been enough to convince me to go vegetarian. There I was, tucking into a big old steak. So why was I stalling? I realized that what I was being pitched is a binary solution. It was either you're a meat eater or you're a vegetarian. And I guess I just wasn't quite ready. Imagine your last hamburger. So my common sense, my good intentions, weren't conflict with my taste buds. And I've committed to doing it later. And not surprisingly, later never came. I was a little bit more than I thought. So I wondered, might there be a third solution? And I thought about it and I came up with one. And I'd be doing it for the last year. And it's great. It's called weekday veg. The name says it all. Nothing in the face, money to Friday. On the weekend, your choice. Simple. If you want to take it to the next level, remember that the major culprits in terms of environmental damage and health are red and processed meats. So you want to swap those out with some good, sustainably harvested fish. It's structured. So it ends up being simple to remember. And it's OK to break it here and there. After all, cutting five days a week is cutting 70% of your meat and take. The program has been great weekday veg. My footprint's smaller. I'm lessening pollution. I feel better about the animals. We need saving money. Best of all, I'm healthier. I know that I'm going to live longer. I'm going to be lost a little weight. So please ask yourselves for your health, for your pocketbook, for the environment, for the animals. What's stopping you from giving weekday veg a shot? After all, if all of us ate half of so much meat, it would be like half of us with a vegetarian. Thank you.