 of your media got it right. But I'm not here to share this stories about these two things exactly. I'm here to tell you the story of Aydl Capital, which is a financial firm founded by me and Christine who you see in the picture in the spring of 2007. So just over a year before the economic collapse hit. So I would two women who were enjoying successful careers in investment banking and the corporate sector leave to pound the financial services firm. Well let it suffice to say that we felt a bit overwhelmed with testosterone. And I'm not here to say that men are to blame for the crisis and what happened in my country. But I can surely tell you that in my country much like in Wall Street and this is Tiavlondon and elsewhere men were at the helm of the game in the finance of sector. And that kind of lack of diversity and sadness leads to the disastrous problems. So we decided a bit fed up with this world and also with a strong feeling in our stomach that this wasn't sustainable to found a financial services firm based on our values. And we decided to incorporate feminine values into the world of finance. Raced quite a few eyebrows in Iceland. We weren't known as the typical women women in Iceland up until then. So it was almost like coming out of the closet to actually talk about the fact that we were women and that we believed that we had a set of values and a set of a way of doing business that would be more sustainable than what we had experienced until then. And we got a great group of people to join us, principled people with great skills and investors with a vision and values to match ours. And together we got through the eye of the financial storm in Iceland without taking any direct losses to our ethnicity or to the funds of our clients. And although I want to thank the talented people of our company most foremost for that and also there's a factor of luck and timing we are absolutely convinced that we did this because of our values. So let me share with you our values. We believe in risk awareness. What does that mean? We believe that you should always understand the risks that you're taking and we will not invest in things we don't understand. Not a complicated thing but in 2007 it was at the height of the subprime and all the complicated financial structures. It was quite opposite to the reckless risk taking behaviors that we saw in the market. We also believe in straight talking, telling it as it is, using simple methods that people understand, telling people about the downsides as well as the potential upsides and even telling the bad news that no one wants to utter life.