 where women are more successful than men, believe it or not. And this economic changes are starting to rapidly affect our culture, what our romantic comedies look like, what our marriages look like, what our dating lives look like, and our new set of superheroes. For a long time, this is the image of American manhood that dominated tough, rugged, and control of his own environment. A few years ago, the Marlboro man was retired and replaced by this much less impressive specimen, who is a parody of American manhood. And that's what we have in our commercials today. The phrase, first-born son is so deeply ingrained in our consciousness that this statistic alone shocked me in American fertility clinics, 75% of couples are requesting girls and not boys. And in places where you wouldn't think, such as South Korea, India, and China, the very strict patriarchal societies are starting to break down a little, and families are no longer strongly preferring first-born sons. If you think about this, if you just open your eyes to this possibility and start to connect the dots, you can see the evidence everywhere. You can see it in college graduation patterns, in job projections, in our marriage statistics. You can see it in the Icelandic elections, which you'll hear about later. And you can see it in South Korean surveys on Sun Prep Hunts, that something amazing and unprecedented is happening with women. Certainly, this is not the first time that we've had great progress with women. The 20s and the 60s also come to mind. But the difference is that back then, it was driven by very passionate feminist movement that was trying to project its own desires. Whereas this time, it's not about passion, and it's not about any kind of movement. This is really just about the facts of this economic moment that we live in. The 200,000 year period in which men have been top dog is truly coming to an end, believe it or not. And that's why I talked about the end of men. Now, all you men out there, I don't know if this is not the moment where you tune out or throw some tomatoes. Because the point is that this is happening to all of us. I myself have a husband and a father and two sons who my dearly love. And this is why I like to talk about this, because if we don't acknowledge it, then the transition will be pretty painful. But if we do take account of it, then I think it will go much more smoothly. I first started thinking about this about a year and a half ago. I was reading headlines about the recession just like anyone else. And I started to notice a distinct pattern that the recession was affecting men much more deeply than it was affecting women. And I remembered back to about 10 years ago, when I read a book by Susan Folluti called Skift, the betrayal of the American man, in which she described how hard the recession had hit men. And I started to think about whether it had gotten worse this time around in this recession. And what I realized that two things were different this time around. The first was that these were no longer just temporary hits that the recession was giving men. That this was reflecting a deeper underlying.