 had one billion people. And the developing world, she said, they had two billion people. And they lived the way then. There was a big gap between the one billion in the industrialized world and the two billion in the developing world. The industrialized world, people were healthy, educated, rich, and they have small families. And their aspiration was to buy a car. And in 1960, all Swedes were saving to try to buy a Volvo like this. This was the economic level at which Sweden was. But in contrast to this, the developing world, far away, the aspiration of the average family there was to have food for the day. And they were saving to be able to buy a pair of shoes. There was an enormous gap in the world when I grew up. And this gap between the West and the West has created a mindset of the world, which we still use linguistically when we talk about the West and the developing world. But the world has changed and it's over you to upgrade that mindset and that taxonomy of the world and to understand it. And that's what I'm going to show you. Because since 1960, what has happened in the world up to 2010 is that the staggering four billion people have been added to the world population. Just look how many. The world population has doubled since I went to school. And of course, there has been economic growth in the West. A lot of companies have had to grow the economy. So the Western population moved over to here. And now their aspiration is not only to have a car, now they want to have a holiday on a very remote destination and they want to fly. That is where they ought to be. And the most successful of the developing countries here, they have moved on, you know, and they have become emerging economies we call them. And they are now buying cars. And what happens a month ago was that the Chinese company, Gile, they acquired the Volvo company. And then finally, the Swedes understood that something big had happened in the world. So there they are. And the tragedy is that the two billion over here, that is struggling for food and shoes, they are still almost as poor as they were 50 years ago. The new thing is that we have the biggest pile of billions, the three billions here, which are also becoming emerging economies. Because they are quite healthy, relatively well educated, then they already won't have two to three children of a woman as those. And their aspiration now is of course to buy sickle. And then later on they would like to have a motorbike also. But this is the world we have.