 And the fact was that Indian students studied harder than we did in Sweden. They read the textbook twice or three times or four times in Sweden. We read it once and then we went potty. And that, to me, that personal experience with the first time in my life, that the mindset I grew up with was changed. And I realized that perhaps the Western world will not continue to dominate the world forever. And I think many of you have the same sort of personal experience. It's that realization on someone you meet that really meant to change the ideas about the world. It's not the statistics, although I try to make it sound. And I will now here on stage try to predict when that will happen, that that Asia will regain its dominant position as the leading part of the world, as it used to be over thousands of years. And I would do that by trying to predict precisely at what year the average income per person in India and China will reach that of the West. And I don't mean the whole economy because to grow an economy of India to the size of UK, that's a piece of cake with one little bit. But I want to see when will the average pay the money for each person per month in India and China, when will that have reached that of UK and the United States. And but I will start with a historical background and you can see my map if I get it up here, you know, I will start 1858, 1858 with the year of great technological advancement in the West. That was the year when Queen Victoria was able for the first time to communicate with President Pukana through the transatlantic telegraphic cable and they were the first to Twitter transatlantic aid. And I've been able through this wonderful Google and Internet to find the text of the telegram sent back from President Pukana to Queen Victoria and it ends like this. This telegraph is a fantastic instrument to defend religion, civilization, liberty and law throughout the world. Those are nice words. But I got sort of curious of what he meant with liberty and liberty for whom. And we will think about that when we look at the wider picture of the world in 1858, because 1858 was also a watershed year in the history of Asia. 1858 was the year when the courageous uprising against the foreign occupation.