 And I liked that definition because it enabled me to transfer their mindset into a data and here we have the data. So you can see that what we have on this axis here is size of family, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 children per woman on this axis and here length of life, life expected to 30, 40, 50. Exactly what the student said was their concept about the world. And really this is about the bedroom, whether the man and woman decide to have small family and then take care of their kids and how long they will live. It's about the bathroom and the kitchen if you have so quarter and food, you know, you can live long. And the students were right, wasn't that? The world consisted, the world consisted here of one set of countries over here which had large families in short lot, developing world. And they had one set of countries up there which was the western world. And they had small families and long life. And you are going to see here the amazing thing that has happened in the world during my lifetime. And then the developing countries applied soap and water, vaccination and all the developing world started to apply family planning and poverty. You say it will help provide the technical advice and investment and you see all the world moves over to a child family and a life with 60 to 70 years. But some countries remain back in this area here and you can see we still have Afghani stoned on here. We have like the area, we have Congo. So we have countries living there. So the problem I have is that the world view that my students have, correspond to reality in the world, the year their teachers were born. And we in fact when we have played this over the world, I was at the Global Health Conference here in Washington last week. And I could see that the wrong concept even active people in the United States had that they didn't realize the improvement of Mexico there and China in relation to the United States. Look here when I move them forward. Here we go. They've cut chop. There's Mexico. Just on poor United States in these two social dimensions. There was less than 5% of the specialist in global health was aware of. This great nation Mexico has the problem that arms are coming from north across the border so they have to stop there because they have this strange relationship to the United States, you know. But if I would change this axis here, look and I would instead here I would put income per person. Income per person. I can put that here and we will then see a completely different picture. By the way I'm teaching you how to use our website, get my new world by