 game. There was a time when you played cricket, you played timeless test matches. When you played on till again got over. And those days game in March 1939 that started on the 3rd of March and ended on the 14th of March. And it only ended because the English cricketers had to go from Durban to Cape Town which is a 2-hour train journey to catch the ship that left on the 17th because the next ship wasn't around for a long time. So the match ended in between. And while the English batsman said you know what, another half an hour and we were one. Another half an hour after 12 days. There were two Sundays in between but of course Sundays are church days. So you don't play on Sundays and one day it rains. So they all sat around making friends with each other. But it's the reason why India fell in love with cricket because we had about the about same piece of life. The Mahabharata was like that as well wasn't it. You fought by day. Then it was sunset. So everyone went back. And then you worked out your strategy and you came and fought the next day and then you went back home again. The only difference between the Mahabharata and our cricket was that in cricket everybody was alive to come back and fight the next day. Princess patronized the game not because they loved the game but because it was a means of ingratiating themselves to the British rulers. There's one other reason why India fell in love with cricket which is all you needed was a plank of wood and a rubber ball and any number of people could play it anywhere. Take a look. You could play it in the dump with some rocks over there. You could play it little alley. You couldn't it square anywhere because the bat hit the wall. Don't forget the air conditioning and the cable wires. You could play it on the back of the gungas. There's a clean as the gungas been for a long time. Or you could play many games in one small patch of land even if you didn't know which game you were actually in. As you can see you can play anywhere but slowly the game moved on. Finally you don't always have five days. So we moved on and we started playing 50 over cricket and then an enormous accident took place. In Indian sport we don't make things happen. Accidents happen and we're in the right place in the right time sometimes. And we won this World Cup in 1983 and suddenly we fell in love with the 50 over game and we played it virtually every day. There was more 50 was cricket than anywhere but there was another big date. 1983 was when we won the World Cup. 1991-92 we found the finance minister and the prime minister willing to let the world look at India. Rather than be this great country of intrigue and mystery and disclosed country. And so we allowed multi-nationals into India. We cut customs duties, reduced import duties and we got all the multi-nationals coming in with multi-national budgets who looked at per capita income and got very excited about the possibilities in India and were looking for a vehicle to reach every Indian. There's only two vehicles in India. One real one scripted. The scripted one is what you see in the