 to use art to create tech. So we're based in New York City, and if you're a performer that wants to collaborate with an adorable robot, or if you have a robot that needs entertainment representation, please contact me, the bot agent. The bot, our rising celebrity, also has his own Twitter account, robot in the wild. So I'd like to introduce you to one of our first robots data. He's named after the Star Tech character. I think he's going to be super popular. We've got the robot in his head is database of a lot of jokes. Now, each of these jokes is labeled with certain attributes. So it knows something about the subject, it knows about the length, it knows how much it's moving. And so it's going to try to watch your response. I actually have no idea what my robot is going to do today. So it can also learn from you about the quality of its jokes and cater things, sort of like Netflix style over longer term to different communities or audiences. Children versus adults, different cultures, you can learn something from the robot about kind of the community that you're in. And also I can use each and one of you as the acting coach to our future robot companions. So some of you in this middle section, you have red, green, paddles. If you like what's going on, to do the green. We don't like the subject or what performance you can hold the red. Now, don't be shy. It's just a robot. It doesn't have feelings yet. And the rest of you are, you still count, you still matter. There's also a microphone that's listening to the aggregate laughter and applause and booing. I hope not to help make some of its next decisions. Right, so let the robot stand up comedy begin. Hello, Dad Women. It's an honor to be here. You guys are looking good out there. Ready to power some jokes? Woo! Here's the first one. Right, so a doctor says to his patient, I have bad news and worse news. The bad news is that you only have 24 hours to live. That's terrible. Say the patient. How can the news possibly be worse? I think trying to contact you since yesterday. The Swiss have an interesting army. 500 years without a war. You thought you were not Swiss? Pretty lucky for them. Ever since.