 the two greatest passions in my life today are children and education. And once I put that in context, I'd like to tell you a little about technology, why I believe technology is a tremendous neighbor, a very powerful tool to help address some of these challenges. Then about the initiative that Chris mentioned that we decided to launch at AMD, that we called 50 by 15, then I'll come back to the beginning and then you a little bit more, hopefully, convince you that I believe that in today's world, it is really important for business leaders not only to have an idea of what your business is all about, but to have a passion for something that is meaningful. So with that in my first of all, let me tell you, I'm one of five children. I'm the oldest, the other four are women, so I grew up in a family of women. I learned a lot about how to deal with that part of the world. And as you can imagine, if you can picture this, I was born in a very small village in Mexico, unfortunately, very poor surroundings, and my parents didn't have a college education, but I was fortunate to be able to have one and so were my four sisters. I cannot tell you a little bit of an idea of the emphasis that my parents placed on education. My parents were fanatics about learning and I'll come back to that a little bit later. But one of the things that exposed me early to learning, and a tremendous curiosity that was instilled in me as a child, was through a technology which is in the screen, as a vitrola. My father found that in a junkyard, and was able to repair it and make it work. And somehow, to this day, I frankly don't know how he was so aware of what was going on in the world. But by inviting me to sit down with him when I was only a few years old, and playing records in this vitrola, but most of it, and he would tell me how most of it was the most romantic of all the classic composers ever, and how Claudio Luna, which was one of his favorites, was a real exposure to me into classical music. He explained to me about Johann Strauss, and how he created a waltz that became so famous in the world, and would tell me a little bit about history too, when he played the 1812 Oversherbatschakowski in this little vitrola. And he would tell me about Russia, and all the things that were happening in Russia at those times, and quite his music, in some way it represented a little bit of that history. And even as a child, he was able to instill in me a lot of curiosity. And perhaps to you, this product may not look like a high tech, but if you can imagine the time when this occurred, we were in the mid-40s, this was really in his view, a pretty piece of high tech. Well,