 I think human beings have been wondering about this question since they sat around their campfires or lay and watch the stars a million years ago. I started out by trying to figure out what romantic love was by looking at the last 45 years of research on just the psychological research. And as it turns out, it's a very specific group of things that happen when you fall in love. The first thing that happens is what I call a person begins to take on what I call special meaning. As a truck driver once said to me, he said, the world had a new center and that center was Mary Ann. George Bernard Shaw said it a little different. He said, love consists of overestimating the differences between one woman and another. And indeed, that's what we do. And then you just focus on this person. You just, you can list what you don't like about them, but then you sweep that aside and focus on what you do. As Shaw said, love is blind. In, I'm trying to understand romantic love, I've said I would read poetry from all over the world and I just want to give you one very short poem from 8th century China because it's an almost perfect example of a man who is focused totally on a particular woman. It's a little bit like when you are madly in love with somebody and you walk into a parking lot, their car is different from every other car in the parking lot. Their wine glass at dinner is different from every other wine glass at the dinner party. And in this case, a man got hooked on a bamboo sleeping mat and it goes like this, like I call one chin. I cannot bear to put away the bamboo sleeping mat. The night I brought you home, I watched you roll it out. Be hooked on a sleeping mat. Probably because elevated activity of dopamine and brain, just like with you and me, but anyway. Not only does this person take on special meaning, you focus your attention on them, you will grandize them, but you have intense energy as one Polynesian said, I thought like jumping in the sky. You're up all night, you're walking till dawn. You feel intense elation when things are going well, mood swings in the car over the spare when things are going poorly. Real dependence on this person as one businessman in New York said to me, he said, anything she liked, I liked. Romantic love is very simple. You become extremely sexual possessive. If you're just sleeping with somebody, casually, you don't really care if they're sleeping with somebody else. But the moment you fall in love, you become extremely sexually possessive of them. I think that that is a Darwinian purpose to this. The whole point of this is to pull two people together, strongly enough to begin to wear babies as a team. But the main characteristics of Romantic love are craving, an intense craving to be with a particular person, not just sexually, but emotionally. Much rather, it'd be nice to go to bed with them.