 Alright, that's cool. Pretty soon it got a little bit out of control. The dining room looked like this. We walked there and it hurts. So we took a room downstairs in the basement that had been used as sort of an Abu-Greyb annex. Torture. Very funny. Wow, you guys are great. And we put down those little floor tiles and then I went to eBay and bought 150 pounds of Lego. Which is insane. My daughter, the day we got it, I was tucking her in and she said, I said, honey, you're my treasure. She said, no, the Lego is treasure. And then she said, dad, we're Lego rich. I was like, yeah, I suppose we are. So then once you do that, you're like crap, we're not going to put all this. So you go to the container store and spend an enormous amount of money. And then you start this crazy sorting process that never, it's just nuts, whatever. So and then you realize there are these conventions and you go to one of these conventions and some dude built the Titanic and you're like, holy shit, I mean, it's coming like a truck, yeah, semi with this thing. And then someone built this, these dismissed power and Seattle's beautiful. And there's a dude selling these aftermarket like weapons for Lego that has Lego to the Danish. No, they're not into guns, but the Americans, well, we'll make some guns for Lego. No problem. And and then it's when boy, you look around, you're like, wow, this is a really nerdy crowd. And I mean, like, like this is a nerdy crowd, but that's like a couple of levels above furries. And you, like the nerds here, like, you know, they get laid, but most separate the lady with the condoms in her pocket. And you say yourself, like, it's definitely, well, am I, am I part of this group? Like am I an enemy? And I was just like, yeah, I guess I am. I'm coming out. I'm kind of into this stuff and I'm gonna stop being embarrassed. So then you didn't really get into it. You're like, well, the Lego people in Denmark, they got off the software, let you build your, your own virtually. And so this is like a, this CAD program where you build it and then whatever you designed virtually, you click the button, and it shows up to go or step a week later. And then some of the designs that people do, they actually sell in the store, the Lego guys come to any royalties, strangely put. But some user made this and then it sold and it's, it's pretty amazing actually. Then you notice that if that Lego provided CAD program as an enough, there's an entire open source third party independent Lego CAD program that lets you do 3D modeling and 3D rendering and make in fact movies out of Lego 3D films, of which there are thousands on YouTube. And some of them sort of mimicking famous