 But we can't actually put them together to make something that will actually work and be as adaptive as these systems. So let's try to look at it from a different perspective. Let's summon the best designer, the mother of all designers. Let's see what evolution can do for us. We created a premortal suit with lots of pieces of robots with bars, with motors, with new rods, put them all together and put all this natural selection, under mutation and rewarded things for how well they can move forward. Very simple task. And it's interesting to see what kind of things came out of that. So if you look, you can see a lot of different machines come out, they all move around, they all crawl in different ways. And you can see on the right that we actually made a couple of these things and it worked in reality. These are not very fantastic robots, but they evolved to do exactly what we were working for, for moving forward. So that was also an installation, but we can also do that on real machines. These are physical robots that we actually have a population of brains competing or evolving on the machines, like the rodeo show, they all get a ride on the machine, they get rewarded for how fast or how far they can make the machine move forward. And you can see these robots are already to take over the world yet, but you can, they gradually learn how to move forward and they do this autonomously. So in these two examples, we had basically a machine, machines are learning how to work in simulation and also machines are learning how to walk in reality. But I want to share a different approach and this is this robot over here which has four legs, it has eight motors, four in the knees and four in the hip, it has also two field sensors that tell machine how it, which way it's still thing. But this machine doesn't know, it looks like you look at it and you see it has four legs and the machine doesn't know if it's a snake, if it's a tree, doesn't have any idea what it looks like. But it's going to try to find that out, initially it doesn't random motion and then it tries to figure out what it might look like. And you see a lot of things passing through its minds, a lot of self models that try to explain the relationship between actuation and sensing. And then try to do a second action that creates the most disagreements among predictions of these alternative models, like a scientist in the lab. Then it does that and tries to explain how to true out its self models. This is already the last cycle and you can see it's pretty much figured out what it self looks like. And once it has a self model, it can use that to derive a pattern of locomotion. So what you're seeing here are a couple of pattern of locomotion. We were hoping that it's going to have kind of evil spidery walk. But instead it created this pretty lame way of moving forward. But when you look at that, you have to remember that this machine,