 When we train, we're always trying to take into account the dog's point of view. Now, I'm here, largely because there's a, there's got to be a rift in dog training at the moment that on one side we have people who think that. You train a dog number one by making up rules, human rules. We don't take the dog's point of view into account. So the human says you're going to act this way, dammit. We're going to force you to act against your will to bend to our will. The number two, we keep these rules a secret from the dog. And the number three, now we can punish the dog for breaking rules even even though it existed. So you get a little puppy, he comes. His only crime is he grew. When he was a little puppy, he puts his paws on your leg, you know, just like a little kid is that nice, you know, and you get there's a good boy. You bend down, you pat him, you reward him for jumping up. His one mistake is he's a Tibetan master and a few months later he weighs, you know, 80 pounds. And the time he jumps up, he gets all sorts of abuse. I mean, it is really very, very scary. The abuse that dogs get. So this whole dominance issue, number one, what we get in dog training is this Mickey Mouse interpretation of a very complicated social system. And they take this stuff seriously. Male dogs are very serious about a hierarchy because it prevents physical fights. Of course, female dogs, bitches on the other hand have several bit of amendments to male hierarchical rule. The number one is I have it, you don't. And what you will find is a very, very low ranking bit will quite easily keep a bone away from a high ranking man. So we get in dog training, this notion of dominance is all of the alpha dog. I'm sure you've heard this. Dogs get so abused. Dogs, horses and humans, these are the three species which are so abused in life. And the reason is built into their behavior is to always come back and apologise. Like, I'm sorry, you have to beat me, I'm really sorry, yes it's my fault. They are just so beatable. And that's why they get beaten. But puppy jumps up, you open the dog book. What does it say? Hold his front paws, squeezes front paws. Stamp on his hind feet, squirt him in the face of lemon juice. Hit him on the head with a rod up newspaper. Near him in the chest, flip him over backwards. He's a boss, he grew up. And because he's performing a behavior, you've trained him to do this insanity. Why don't you just ask, how would you like the dog to greet you? And people say, I don't know, to sit, I guess. I hit let's teach him to sit. And then we give him a reason for sitting. Because the stages are training first, the first stage is basically teaching a dog ESL. I could speak to you and say, let it go, Pazy Pazy. No one, something should happen now. Why aren't you responding? Oh, you don't speak Swahili. Well, I've got news for you, the dog doesn't speak English. So the first stage, or American,