 There's plenty of knowledge and scientific breakthroughs. We all live in the same planet, but it still is a great deal of poverty in the world. And I think, so I want to throw a perspective that I have so that we can assess this project or any other project for that matter, to see whether it's contributing or contributing to poverty or trying to alleviate it. Which countries have been sending aid to poor countries for the last 60 years? And by and large, this has failed. You can see this book written by someone who worked in the World Bank for 20 years and he finds economic growth in this country to be elusive. By and large, it did not work. So the question is, why is that? In my mind, there is something to learn from the history of Europe. I mean, even here, yesterday I was walking across the street and they showed three bishops were executed five or five years ago, right across the street from here. So my point is, there's a lot of struggle has gone in Europe, where citizens were empowered by technologies and they demanded authorities to come down from their high horses. And in the end, there's better bargaining between the authorities and citizens and democracies, capitalism, everything else flourished. And so you can see the real process, and this is backed up by this 500 page work, that the authorities came down and citizens got up. But if you have that perspective, then you can see what happened in the last 60 years. Aid actually did the opposite. It empowered authorities and as a result, marginalized citizens. The authorities did not have the reason to make economic growth happen so that they could tax people and make more money for to run their business because they were getting it from abroad. And in fact, if you see all rich countries where citizens are not yet empowered, the same thing goes, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, all sorts of countries, because the aid and oil or mineral money acts the same way. It empowers authorities without activating the citizens. Their hands, legs, brains, what have you. And if you agree with that, then I think the best way to improve these countries is to recognize that economic development is of the people, by the people, for the people. And that is the real network effect. If citizens can network and make themselves more organized and productive, so that their voices are heard, so then things would improve. And to contrast that, you can see the most important institution in the world, the World Bank, is an organization.