 straight forward, we would use the power of the atom to end the atrocities in the horror of this unending World War II that we have been involved in in Europe and in the Pacific. And in 1945, we were the only nuclear power. We had a few nuclear weapons, two of which we dropped on Japan and Hiroshima, a few days later in Nagasaki in August of 1945, killing about 250,000 people between those two. And for a few years, we were the only nuclear power on Earth. But by 1949, Soviet Union had decided it was unacceptable to have us as the only nuclear power and they began to match what the United States had developed. And from 1949 to 1985, was an extraordinary time of a build-up of a nuclear arsenal that no one could possibly have imagined back in the 1940s. So by 1985, each of those red bombs up here is equivalent of a thousand warheads. The World had 65,000 nuclear warheads and seven members of something that came to be known as the nuclear club. And it was an extraordinary time and I'm going to go through some of the mentality that Americans and the rest of the world were experiencing. But I want to just point out to you that 95% of the nuclear weapons at any particular time since 1985 going forward, of course, were part of the arsenals of the United States and the Soviet Union. After 1985, and before the break-up of the Soviet Union, we began to disarm from nuclear point of view. We began to counter-polliferate and we dropped the number of nuclear warheads in the world to about a total of 21,000. It's a very difficult number to deal with because what we've done is we've conquered decommissioned some of the warheads. They're still probably usable. They could be recommissioned. But the way they count things, which is very complicated, we think that we think we have about a third of the nuclear weapons we've had before. But we also, in that period of time, added two more members to the nuclear club, Pakistan and North Korea. So we stand today where they still fully arm nuclear arsenal among many countries around the world, but a very different set of circumstances. So I'm going to talk about a nuclear threat story in two chapters. Chapter one is 1949 to 1991 in the Soviet Union broke up. And what we're dealing with at that point, and through those years, was a super powers nuclear arms race. It was characterized by a nation versus nation very fragile standoff. And basically, we lived for all those years, and to some might argue that we still do, in a situation of being on the brink literally of an apocalyptic planetary calamity. It's incredible that we actually lived through all that. We were totally dependent during those years on this amazing afternoon, which is mad, stands for mutually assured, disordered, and so on.