 coincidences, premonitions, emotions, dreams, the power of nature, magic. In the last 20 years, I have published a few books, but I have lived in anonymity until February of 2006 when I carried the Olympic flag in the Winter Olympics in Italy. That made me a celebrity. Now people recognize me in Macy's and my grandchildren think that I'm cool. How many to tell you about my four minutes of pain? One of the organizers of the Olympic ceremony, of the opening ceremony, called me and said that I had been selected to be one of the flag bears. I replied that surely this was a case of mistaken identity because I'm as far as you can get from being an athlete. Actually, I wasn't even sure that I could go around the stadium without a walk. I was told that this was no laughing matter. This would be the first time that only women would carry the Olympic flag. Five women representing five continents and three Olympic gold medal winners. My first question was naturally, what was I going to wear? A uniform, she said. And I asked for my measurements. My measurements. I had a vision of myself in a fluffy anorac looking like the Michelin man. By the middle of February, I found myself in touring when enthusiastic crowds cheered when any of the 80 Olympic teams was in the street. Those athletes had sacrificed everything to compete in the games. They all deserve to win, but there's the element of luck. Specs of snow, an inch of ice, the force of the wind, can determine the result of the race or a game. However, what matters most, more than training or luck, is the heart. Only a fearless and determined heart will get the gold medal. It is all about passion. The streets of touring were covered with red posters announcing the slogan of the Olympics. Passion lives here. Isn't it always true? Heart is what drives us and determines our fate. That is what I need for my characters in my books. A passionate heart. I need mavericks, dissidents, adventurers, outsiders and rebels. Quast questions, bend the rules and take risks. People like all of you in this room. Nice people will come on scents to not make interesting characters. They only make good former spouses. In the green room of the stadium, I met the other flag bears, three athletes and the actresses Susan Sarandon and Sophia Lorraine.