 A lot of the family and people lived crammed in these little team chats. Generation after generation, renting them often ate or ten people to a room and it's known for prostitution, violence, drugs, hard place to grow up. And when we were walking through the narrow alleys, it was literally impossible not to step in the raw sewage and the garbage alongside the little homes. But at the same time, it was also impossible not to see the human vitality, the aspiration, the ambition of people who live there, women watching their babies, watching the clothes, hanging around to fry. I met this woman, Mama Rose, who has rented that little team chat through 32 years, where she lives with her seven children, four sleep in, one to embed, three sleep on the mud and linoleum for her. And she keeps them on school by selling water from that kiosk and from selling soap and bread, a little story inside. It was also the day after the inauguration and I was reminded how Matharia is still connected to the globe. And I would see kids on the street corner and they'd say, Obam, he's our brother and I'd say, Obam is my brother. So that makes you my brother too. They would look physically and then be like, hi five. And it was here that I met Jane. It was struck immediately by the kindness and the gentleness and the face and I asked her to tell me her story. She started off by telling me with dreams. She said, I had two. My first dream was to be a doctor and the second was to marry a good man who would stay with me and my family because my mother was a single mom and couldn't afford to pay for school fees. So I had to give up the first dream and I focused on the second. She got married when she was 18, had a baby right away and when she turned 20, found herself pregnant with the second child. Her mom died and her husband left her, married another woman. So she was again in mythology with no income, no skill set, no money and so she ultimately turned to prostitution. It wasn't organized in the way we often think of it. She would go into the city at night with about 20 girls, look for work and sometimes come back with a few shillings or sometimes with nothing. And she said, you know, the poverty wasn't so bad. It was the humiliation you embarrassed me to give it all. In 2001, her life changed. She had a girlfriend who had heard about this organization, Johnny Borah, that would lend money to people no matter how poor you were as long as you provided a commensurate man in savings. And so she spent a year to save $50 and started borrowing and over time she was able to buy a sewing machine. She started telling and that turned into what she does now, which is to go into second-hand clothing markets. For about $3.25, she buys an old ball gown, something that might be one you gave. And she repurposes them with frills and ribbons and makes these profit confectionately that she sells to women for their daughter's sweet 16 or first-quality communion, those milestones