 Our emphasis on solutions is quite intentional. There are tons of places to go online and off. If what you want to find is the latest bit of news about just how quickly our hellbound hand basket is moving. We want to offer people an idea of what they can do about it. We focus primarily on the planet's environment, but we also address issues of global development, international conflict, responsible use of emerging technologies, and even the right rise of the so-called second superpower. The scope of solutions that we discuss is actually pretty broad, but that reflects both the range of challenges that need to be met and the kinds of innovations that will allow us to do so. A quick sampling really, a fairly scratchy surface, but to give you a sense of what we cover, tools for rapid disaster relief such as this incredible concrete shelter, innovative uses of bioscience such as a flower that changes color in the presence of landmines, ultra-high efficiency designs for homes and offices, distributed power generation using solar power, wind power, ocean power, other clean energy sources, ultra-high efficiency vehicles, the future ultra-high efficiency vehicles you can get right now, and better urban design so you don't need to drive as much in the first place. Biomatic approaches to design that take advantage of the efficiencies of natural models in both vehicles and buildings, distributed computing projects that will help us model the future of the climate. Also, a number of the topics that we've been talking about this week at TED are things that we've addressed in the past on wheelchanging. Cradle to cradle design, MIT's fab labs, the consequences of extreme longevity, the one-lap hopper trial project, even got mender. As I've born in the mid-1960s, Gen XR, hurtling altruquately to my 40th birthday, I'm naturally inclined to pessimism. Work-hate world changing has convinced me, much to my own surprise, that successful responses to the world's problems are nonetheless possible. Moreover, I've come to realize that focusing only on negative outcomes can really blind you to the very possibility of success. As Norwegian social scientist Evelyn Lindner has observed, pessimism is a luxury of good times. In difficult times, pessimism is a self-fulfilling, self-inflicted, death sentence. The truth is, we can build a better world and we can do so right now. We have the tools she saw hinted at a moment ago and will come up with new ones all the time. We have the knowledge and our understanding of the planet improves every day. Most importantly, we have the motive. We have a world that needs fixing and nobody's going to do it for us. Many of the solutions that I and my colleagues seek out and write up every day have some important aspects in common. Transparency, collaboration, a willingness to experiment,