 screaming and running. The water had started coming back. It was foaming over the reef. The children managed to run back upon the onto the tracks. No one was lost there, but the water continued to climb. In about two minutes it had reached the level of the railroad tracks and was coming over it. We had run about 100 meters by this time. I continued to rise. I saw an old man standing at his gate, knee deep in water, refusing to move. He said he'd lived his whole life there by the beach and that he would rather die there than run. A boy broke away from his mother to run back into his house to get his dog who was apparently afraid. An old lady, crying, was carried out of her house and up the road by her son. The slum built on the railway reservation between the sea and the railroad tracks was completely swept away. Since this was a high-risk location, the police had warned the residents and no one was there when the water rose, but they had not had any time to evacuate any belongings. For hours afterward, the sea was strewn with bits of wood for miles around. All of this was from the houses in the slum. When the water subsided, it was as if it had never existed. This may seem hard to believe unless you've been reading lots and lots of news reports, but in many places after the tsunami, villagers were still terrified. When what was a tranquil sea swallows up people, homes, and long-tailed boats mercilessly without warning, and no one can tell you anything reliable about whether another one is coming, I'm not sure you'd want to come down either. One of the scariest things about the tsunami that I've not seen mentioned is the complete lack of information. This may seem minor, but it is terrifying to hear rumor after rumor after rumor that another tidal wave, bigger than the last, will be coming at exactly 1 p.m. or perhaps tonight or perhaps. You don't even know if it is safe to go back down to the water to catch a boat to the hospital. We think that 5-5 hospital is destroyed. We think this boat is going to Foucaix hospital, but if it's too dangerous to land at its pier, then perhaps it will go to Krabi instead, which is more protected. We don't think another wave is coming right away. At the 5-5 Hill Resort, I was tucked into a corner furthest away from the television, but I strained a listen for information. They reported there was an 8.5 magnitude earthquake in Sumatra, which triggered the massive tsunami. Having this news was comforting in some small way to understand what had just happened to us. However, the report focused on what had already occurred and offered no information on what to expect now. In general, everything was merely hearsay and rumor, and not a single person I spoke to for over 36 hours knew anything with any certainty. Those were two accounts of the Asian tsunami from two internet blogs that essentially sprang up after it occurred. I'm now going to show you two video segments from the tsunami that also were showing on blogs. I should warn you they're pretty powerful, one from Thailand, and then the second one from Foucaix.