 suburban sprawl. I think it's appropriate to call it the greatest misallocation of resources in the history of the world. You can call it a technosis externality clusterfuck and it's a tremendous problem for us. The outstanding, the salient problem about this for us is that these are places that are not worth caring about. We're going to talk about that some more. A sense of place, your ability to create places that are meaningful and places of quality and character depends entirely on your ability to define space with buildings and to employ the vocabularies, grammars, syntaxes, rhythms and patterns of architecture in order to inform us who we are. The public realm in America has two roles. It is the dwelling place of our civilization in our civic life and it is the physical manifestation of the common good and when you degrade the public realm you will automatically degrade the quality of your civic life and the character of all the enactments of your public life and communal life that take place there. The public realm comes mostly in the form of the street in America because we don't have the thousand-year-old cathedral clauses in market squares of older cultures and your ability to define space and to create places that are worth caring about. All comes from a body of culture that we call the the culture of civic design. This is a body of knowledge, method, skill and principle that we through and a garbage after World War II and decided we don't need that anymore we're not going to use it and consequently and we can see the result all around us. The public realm has to inform us not only where we are geographically but it has to inform us where we are in our culture. Where we've come from, what kind of people we are and it needs to by doing that it needs to afford us a glimpse to where we're going in order to allow us to dwell in a hopeful present and if there is one tremendous if there's one great catastrophe about the places that we've built the human environments we've made for ourselves in the last 50 years it is that it has deprived us of the ability to live in a hopeful present. The environments we are living in more typically are like these. Now this happens to be the asteroid belt of