 of helping us understand nature and humanity's relationship with nature better. Specifically, I as a person who's been a professional nature photographer my whole adult life, and firmly of the belief that photography, video, film have tremendous powers for helping us understand and shape the way we think about nature and about ourselves and relationship to nature. In this project, we're specifically interested, of course, in ice. I'm fascinated by the beauty of it, the mutability of it, the malleability of it, and these fabulous shapes in which it can carve itself. These first images are from Greenland, but ice has another meaning. Ice is the canary in the global coal mine. It's the place where we can see and touch and hear and feel climate change and action. Climate change is a really abstract thing in most of the world. It's whether or not you believe in it is based on your sense of raining moors, raining molasses, getting hotters, getting colder. What do the computers models say about this, that, and the other thing? All of that strip it away. In the world of the Arctic and outpun environments where the ice is, it's real and it's present. The changes are happening. They're very visible. They're photographable. They're measurable. 95% of the glaciers in the world are retreating or shrinking. That's outside Antarctica. 95% of the glaciers in the world are retreating or shrinking, and that's because the precipitation patterns and temperature patterns are changing. There is no significant scientific dispute about that. It's been observed as measured. It's bomb-coothed information. In the great irony and tragedy of our time, is that a lot of the general public thinks that science is still arguing about that. Science is not arguing about that. In these images, we see ice from enormous glaciers, ice sheets that are 100 to 1000 years old, breaking up into chunks and chunk by chunk by chunk, iceberg by iceberg, turning into global sea level rise. So having seen all of this in the course of a 30-year career, I was still as skeptic about climate change until about 10 years ago because I thought this story of climate change was based on computer models. I hadn't realized it was based on concrete measurements of what the paleo climates were. The ancient climates were as recorded in the ice sheets, as recorded in deep ocean sediments, as recorded in lake sediments, tree rings, and a lot of other ways of measuring temperature. When I realized that climate change was real, and it was not based on computer models, I decided that one day I would do a project looking at trying to manifest climate change photographically, and that led me to this project. Initially, I was working on a National Geographic assignment, conventional single frame still photography. In one crazy day, I got the idea that I should, well, after that,