 cells will make assumptions. For example, when I walked up here and I took the microphone from the stand and switched it on, you would see them this was a microphone which is nothing. As a matter of fact, this is something that about half of you, more than half of you will not be promoted with a chest. I've been introverted to see and made some very bad microphone. I've tried it many times. The other assumption that you made, and this little lesson is to show you that you will make assumptions not only that you can but that you will when they are properly suggested to you. You believe I'm looking at you. All I'm not looking at you, I can't see you. I know you're out there, they told me backfading with the full house and such. I know you're there because I can't hear you, but I can't see you because I don't believe where glass is. These are not glass with these empty frames. Quite empty frames. Now why would a grown man appear before you wearing empty frames on his face? To fool ladies and gentlemen, to deceive you, to show that you too can make assumptions. Don't you ever forget that. Now I have to do something for it's ball switch to real glasses so I can actually see you which would probably be a convenience. I don't know. I have had a good look. Well, it's not that great of a convenience. I have to do something now which seems a little bit strange for a magician, but I'm going to take some medication. This is a full bottle of comms forte. I'll explain that in just a moment. Ignore the instructions that the government has put in there to confuse you. I will take enough of these. The the whole container. 32 capins of comms forte. Now that I've done that, I'll explain it to you. I'll tell you that I am an actor. I'm an actor who plays a specific part. I play the part of a magician, a wizard if you will, a real wizard. If someone would appear on this stage in front of it and actually claim to be an ancient prince and Denmark named Hamlet, you would be insulted. And rightly so. I would assume that you would believe something bizarre like this, but there exists out there a very large population of people who will tell you that they have psychic magical power, that they can create the future, that they can make contact with the disease. Oh, they also say they will sell you astrology or other fortune telling methods. Oh, they gladly sell you that. And they also say that they can give you perpetual motion machines and free energy systems. They claim to be citics or sensibles, whatever they can. But the one thing that has made a big comeback just recently is this business of speaking with