 that binds us to the best bits of life. We have an awful, awful reality right now. America, you're at the top of your game. This is one of the most unhealthy countries in the world. Can I please just see a raise of hands for how many of you have children in this room today? Please pick your hand up. Aunty's uncle, you can continue to pick your hand up. Aunty's and uncle's as well. Most of you. Okay, we, the adults of the last four generations have blessed our children with the destiny of a shorter, life span from their own parents. Your child will live a life ten years younger than you because of the landscaped food that we've built around them. Two-thirds of this room, today in America, are statistically overweight or obese. You lot, you're alright, but we'll get you eventually, don't worry. The statistics of bad health are clear, very clear. We spend our lives being paranoid about deaf murder, homicide. You name it from the front page of every paper. Then look at homicide at the bottom for God's sake. Every single one of those ones in the red is a diet related disease. Any doctor, any specialist will tell you that. Fact. Diet related disease is the biggest killer in the United States right now here today. This is a global problem. It's a catastrophe. It's sweeping the world. England is right behind you, as usual. I know, you're close, but not that close. We need a revolution. Mexico, Australia, Germany, India, China all have massive problems with obesity and bad health. Think about smoking. It costs way less than obesity now. Obesity cost you Americans 10% of your healthcare bills, $150 billion a year. In 10 years, it's set to double, $300 billion a year. And let's be honest, guys. You ain't got that cash. I came here to start a food revolution that I so profoundly believe in. We need it. The time is now where in the tipping point moment, I've been doing this for seven years. I've been trying in America seven years now is the time when it's right. Right for the picking. I went to the I have a storm. I went to West Virginia, the most unhealthy state in America. Or it was last year. I knew one this year, but we'll work on that next season.