 cellular connectivity and it will take about another two years to connect the next billion after that. And I mentioned this because if we want to design for that future we need to figure out what those people are about and that's kind of where I see what my job is and what our team's job is. Our research often starts with a very simple question so I'll give you an example. What do you carry? If you think of everything in your life that you own, when you walk out that door what do you consider to take with you when you're looking around? What do you consider? Of that stuff what do you carry and of that stuff what do you actually use? So this is interesting to us because the conscious and subconscious decision process implies that the stuff that you do take with you and end up using has some kind of spiritual emotional or functional value and to put it really bluntly people are willing to pay some stuff that has value right? So I've probably done about five years of research looking at what people carry and I go in people's bags, I look in people's pockets, purses, I go in their homes and we do this worldwide and we follow them around town with video cameras it's kind of like stalking information and we do all this and to go back to the original question what do people carry? and it turns out that people carry a lot of stuff okay that's very nice but if you ask people what the three most important things that they carry are across cultures and across gender and across contexts most people will say he's money and if they own one I'm over a phone and I'm not saying this is a good thing but this is a thing right? I mean I couldn't take your phones off you if I wanted to you'd probably kick me out something okay it might seem like I'm obvious thing for someone who works for a mobile phone company to ask but really the question is why right? So why are these things so important in our lives and it turns out from our research that it boils down to survival survival for us and survival for our loved ones so keys provide access to shelter and warmth transport as well in the US increasingly money is useful for buying food and sustenance among all its other uses and a mobile phone is it turns out is a great recovery tool if you prefer this kind of mazoos hierarchy of needs those three objects are very good at supporting the lowest ones and mazoos hierarchy of needs yes they do a whole bunch of other stuff but they're very good at this and in particular it's the mobile phones ability and to allow people to transcend space and time and what I mean by that is now you can transcend space by simply making a voice call right?