 out of their forests, their fighting to develop their own way of living within the forest in a world that's clean, a world that isn't contaminated, a world that isn't polluted. And what was so amazing to me and what fits right in with what we're all talking about here at TED is that their right in the middle of this rainforest was some solar panels, the first in that part of Equalore, and that was mainly to bring water up by pumps so that the women wouldn't have to go down. The water was cleaned, but because they were a lot of batteries, they were able to store a lot of electricity. So every house, I think eight houses in this little community, could have light before, I think it was about half an hour each evening. And there is the chief in all his regal finery with a laptop computer. But this man, he has been outside, he's gone back. And he was saying, you know, we have suddenly jumped into a new, a whole new era. And we didn't even know about the white man 50 years ago. Now here we are, the laptop computers. And there are some things we want to learn from the modern world. We want to know about health care. We want to know about what other people do. We're interested in it. And we want to learn other languages. We want to know English and French and perhaps Chinese and we're good at languages. So there he is with his little laptop computer, but fighting against the might of the pressures because of the debt, the poor indebted Ecuador, fighting the pressure of World Bank IMF. And of course the people who want to exploit the poorest and take out the oil. So coming directly from there to here, but of course my real field of expertise lies in an even different kind of civilization. I can't really call it a civilization a different way of life from a different being. We've talked earlier this wonderful talk by way, way Davis about the different cultures of humans around the world. But there are, well, there's not composed only of human beings. There are also other animal beings. And I propose to bring into this Ted conference as I always do around the world the voice of the animal kingdom to offer. We just see a few slides or a bit of film. But these beings have voices that mean something. And so I want to give you a greeting as from a chimpanzee in the poorest Tanzania. I've been studying chimpanzees in Tanzania.