 entirely sealed miniature world that I lived in for two years and twenty minutes. And over the top it was sealed with steel and glass underneath it was sealed with a pan of steel, essentially entirely sealed. So we had our own miniature rainforest, a private beach with a coral reef, we had a savannah, a marsh, a desert, we had our own half acre farm that we had to go everything, and of course we had our human habitat where we lived. Back in the mid 80s we were designing biosphere too. We had to ask ourselves some pretty basic questions. I mean what is a biosphere? Back then, yes I guess we all know now that it's essentially the sphere of life around the earth, right? Well you have to get a little bit more specific than that if you're going to build one. And so what we decided that what it really is is that it is entirely materially closed, that is nothing goes in or out of the tall material, and energetically open, which is essentially what planet earth is. This is a chamber that was one 400th site of biosphere too, that we called our test module. On the very first day that this fellow John Adam walked in to spend a couple of days in there with all the parts and animals of bacteria that we put in there to hopefully keep him alive, the doctors were incredibly concerned that he was going to succumb to some dreadful toxin or his lungs were going to get choked with bacteria or something fungus. But of course none of that happened. And over the ensuing few years it was great saga about designing biosphere too, but by 1991 we finally had this thing built and it was time for us to go in and give it a go. We needed to know is life this malleable? Can you take this biosphere that is involved on a planetary scale and jam it into a little bottle and well it survives. Big questions. And we wanted to know this both for being able to go somewhere else in the universe so people don't go to Mars for instance. Would we take a biosphere with us to live in it? We also wanted to know so that we can understand more about the Earth that we all live in. But in 1991 it was finally time for us to go in and try out this baby. Let's take it on a maiden voyage. Will it work or will something happen that we can't understand and we can't fix thereby negating the concept of man made biosphere? So eight of us went in for a minute for women. Enough on that later. And this is the world that we lived in. So on the top we had this beautiful rainforest and an ocean and then underneath we had all this techno sphere we called it which is where all the pups and the valves and the water tanks and the air handlers and all of that. One of the biosphere is called it Garden of Eden on top of an aircraft carrier. And then we also had the human habitat of course with the laboratories and all of that. This is the agriculture. It was essentially an organic farm. The day I walked into biosphere too I was for the first time breathing a completely different atmosphere than everybody else in the world.