 as well. I'm surrounded by genius I cannot help but remember the organisms and the ecosystems that know how to live here gracefully on this planet. This is what I would tell you to remember if you ever forget this again. Remember this. This is what happens every year. This is what keeps its promise. While we're doing bailouts this is what happened. Spring. Imagine designing spring. Imagine that orchestration you think Ted is hard to organize. Imagine and if you haven't done this in a while. Do. Imagine the timing the coordination all without top down laws or policies or climate change protocols. This happens every year. There's lots of showing off. There's lots of love in the air. There's lots of grand openings. And the organisms I promise you have all of their priorities in order. I have this neighbor that keeps me in touch with this because he's living usually on his back looking up at those grasses and one time he came up to me was about seven or eight years old. He came up to me and there was a waspsness that I had let grow in my yard right outside my door and most people knocked them down when they're small but it was fascinating to me. I was looking at this sort of fine Italian and papers and he came up to me and he knocked. He would come every day with something to show me like not like a woodpecker on my door until I opened it up and he asked me how I had made the house for those wasps because he had never seen one this big and I told him you know Cody the wasps I actually made that and we looked at it together and I could see why he thought you know it was so beautifully done it was so architectural it was so precise but it occurred to me how in his small life had he already believed the myth that if something was that well done that we must have done it how did he not know it's what we've all forgotten that we're not the first ones to build you know we're not the first ones to process cellulose we're not the first ones to make paper we're not the first ones to try to optimize packing space