 How can we understand what makes some societies more fragile than other societies? The problem is obviously one relevant to our situation today. Because today is where there are some societies that are already collapsed, such as Somalia and Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia. There are also societies today that may be close to collapse, such as Nepal, Indonesia and Colombia. What about ourselves? What is the idea that we can learn from the past that would help us avoid declining or collapsing in the way that so many past societies have? Obviously the answer to this question is not going to be a single fact. If anyone tells you that there's a single fact or explanation for societal collapses, you know right away that they're an idiot. This is a complex subject, but how can we make sense out of the complexities of this subject? In analyzing societal collapses, I've arrived at a five point framework, a checklist of things that I go through and trying to understand collapses. I'll illustrate that five point framework by the extinction of the Greenland North Society. This is a European society with literate records, so we know a good deal about people and their motivation. In 89 and 84, Vikings went down to Greenland, settled Greenland and around 1450, they died out. The society collapsed and everyone ended up dead. Why did they all end up dead? Well, in my five point framework, the first item on the framework is to look for human impacts on the environment, people inadvertently destroying the resource base on which they depend. In the case of the Viking Norse, the Vikings inadvertently caused soil erosion and deep our station, which was a particular problem for them because they required forest to make charcoal to make iron, so they ended up an iron age European society, virtually unable to make their own iron. The second item on my checklist is climate change. Climate can get warmer or colder or drier or wetter. In the case of the Vikings, in Greenland, the climate got colder in the late 1300s, and especially in the 1400s, but a cold climate isn't necessarily fatal because the Inuit, the Eskimos, and having Greenland the same time, did better rather than worse with cold climate, so why didn't the Greenland Norse as well? The third thing on my checklist is relations with neighboring friendly societies that may prop up a society, and if that friendly support is pulled away, that may make a society more likely to collapse. In the case of the Greenland Norse, they had trade with the mother country with Norway, and that trade dwindled partly because Norway got weaker partly because of sea ice between Greenland and Norway. The fourth item on my checklist is relations with