 small farmers all or nearly all who had been dispossessed and displaced. Now, what I'd been trying to do was methodological research on such people. So I did it. I found out how many women had been raped and grouped to these camps. I found out how many people had been put in jail. How many family members had been killed. I assessed how long they were going to stay and how much it would take to feed them. And I got really good at predicting how many body bags you put for the people who were going to die in these camps. Now, this is God's work, but it's not my work. It's not the work I set out to do. So I was at a grateful dead benefit concert on the rainforest. In 1988, I met a guy, the guy on the left, his name was Ben. He said, what can I do to save the rainforest? I said, well, Ben, what do you do? I make ice cream. So I said, well, you've got to make a rainforest ice cream. And God used nuts from the rainforest to show that forests are more work more as forest than they are as pasture. He said, okay. Within a year, rainforest crunch was on the shelves. It was a great success. We did our first million dollars worth of trade by buying on 30 days and selling on 21. That yet you're adrenaline going. Then we had a four and a half million dollar line of credit because we were creditworthy at that point. We had 15 to 20, maybe 22% of the global Brazil not market. We paid two to three times more than anybody else. Everybody else raised their prices together as a Brazil man because we would buy it otherwise. A great success. 50 companies signed up. 200 products came out, generated 100 million in sales. It failed. Why did it fail? Because the people who were gathering Brazil nuts weren't the same people who were cutting the forest. And the people who made money from Brazil nuts were not the people who made money from cutting the forest. We were attacking the wrong driver. We needed to be working on beasts. We needed to be working on lumber. We needed to be working on soil. Things that we were not focused on. So let's go back to Sudan. I often talk to refugees. Why was it that the West didn't realize the famines are caused by policies and politics, not by weather? And this farmer said to me one day, something that was very profound. He said, you can't wake a person who's pretending to sleep. Okay? Fast forward. We live on a planet. There's just one of them. We've got to wake up to the fact that we don't have any more and that this is a finite planet.