 They would bring them back and mount them, so this has actually been carried to the moon and back. So, that's for fun. The Don of Books is of course important, and it wouldn't be interesting to talk about the Don of Books without having a copy of a Gutenberg Bible. You can see how portable and handy it was to have your own Gutenberg in 1455. But what's interesting about the Gutenberg Bible and the Don of this technology is not the book. You see, the book was not driven by reading. In 1455 nobody could read. So why did the printing press succeed? This is an original page of a Gutenberg Bible. So you're looking here at one of the first printed book using movable type in the history of man. 550 years ago, we are living at the age here at the end of the book where electronic paper will undoubtedly replace it. But why is this so interesting? Here's the quick story. It turns out that in the 1450s the Catholic Church needed money. And so they printed in dollars, they actually hand wrote these things called indulgences, which were forgiveness on pieces of paper. That they traveled all around Europe and sold by the hundreds or by thousands. They got you out of purgatory faster. And when the printing press was invented, what they found was they could print indulgences, which was the equivalent of printing money. And so all of Western Europe started buying printing presses in 1455 to print out thousands and then hundreds of thousands and then ultimately millions of single small pieces of paper that got you out of middle hell and into heaven. That is why the printing press succeeded. And that is why Martin Luther nailed his 90 pieces into the door because he was complaining that the Catholic Church had gone of muck. In printing out indulgences and selling them in every town and village and city in all of Western Europe. So the printing press ladies and gentlemen was driven entirely by the printing of forgives and had nothing to do with reading. More tomorrow I also have pictures coming of the library for those of you that are asked for pictures we're going to have something on tomorrow. Instead of showing an object in the stage, I'm going to do something special for the first time we are going to show actually what the library looks like. Okay, so I am married to the most wonderful woman in the world. You're going to find out why in a minute because when I went to see Eileen, this is what I said I wanted to build. This is the library of human imagination. The room itself is three stories told in the glass panels is 5,000 years of human imagination that are computer controlled. The room is a theater that changes colors and all throughout the library are different objects, different spaces. It's designed like an Escher prints. Here is some of the lower level of library where the exhibits constantly change. You can walk through, you can touch, you can see exactly how many of these types of items would sit in a room. There's my very own Saturn 5 everybody should have one. Okay, so you can see here in the lower level of the library the books and the objects in the glass panels.