 laptop, this is from the first tablet computers and so on, ending up most recently with the trio and we're continuing to do this and and I've done this because I really believe that mobile computing is the future personal computing and I'm trying to make the world a little bit better by working on these things. But this was, I have to admit, all in accident. I really didn't want to do any of these products and very early in my career I decided I was not going to be in the computing industry. I'm before I tell you about that, I just have to tell you this one little picture of the feed in there. I picked off the web the other day. I was looking for a picture for the feedie that will text input language and I found the website dedicated to teachers who want to make these, you know, to script writing things across the top of the blackboard and they added graffiti to it and I'm sorry about that. So what happened was when I was when I was young and got out of engineering school at Cornell in 1979, I decided I went to work for Intel and I was in the computer industry. Three months into that, I fell in love with somethings and I decided I made the wrong career choice here and I fell in love with brains. This is not a real brain, this is a picture, mine drawing, but I don't know exactly how it happened but I have one recollection which was a pretty strong one. In September of 1979, scientific American came out with a single topic issue about the brain. It was quite good. It was one of the best issues ever and they talked about the neuron and development, disease and vision and all things you might want to know about brains. It was really quite impressive and one might have been passionate about brain. The last article on that issue was written by Francis Crick of DNA fame today. So I think the 50th anniversary of the script was doing it. And he wrote a story basically saying, well, this is all well and good but you know what, we don't know business about brains and knowing as a clue how these things work so don't believe what anyone tells you. This is a quote from that article. He said, what is conspicuously lacking? This is a very proper British gentleman. So what is conspicuously lacking is a broad framework of ideas in which interpret these different approaches. I thought the word framework was great. He didn't say we didn't even have a theory. He said, you know, you know, you know, you know how to begin to think about it. You don't even have a frame. We are in the pre-paradigm day if you want to use Thomas Cooom. And so I fell in love and said, look, we have all this knowledge about brains. How hard can it be? And it's just something we can work on in my lifetime. I felt I could make a difference. And so I tried to get out of the computer business into the brain business. First I went to MIT, AI lab was there. I said, well, I want to build intelligent machines too. The way I want to do is to study how brains work first. And they said, oh, you don't need to do that. You just get a program computer. So that's all we need to do. I said, no, you really have to study brains. You know, you're wrong. And I said, no, you're wrong. I didn't get them. But I was a little disappointed, pretty young, but I went back again a few years later. This time I was in California. I went to Berkeley. And I said, I'll go in from the biological side. So I got in an APHP program in bio physics. And I said, all right, I'm studying brains now. And I said, well, I want to study theory. And they said, oh, no, you can't study theory. That's not something you do. And you can't get funded for that. And as a graduate student, you can't do that. So I said, oh, my gosh.