 both were very real. They took in 1849 and that gold rush, they took over $700 million or the gold out of California, it was very real. The internet was also very real. It's a real way for humans to communicate with each other. It's a big deal. Huge boom, huge boom, huge bust, huge bust. You keep going and both things are lots of hype. You don't have to remind you of the all the hype that was involved in the internet, getrich.com. But you had the same thing with the gold rush, gold, gold, gold, 68 rich men on the steam reportland, stacks of yellow metal. Some have 5,000, many have more, a few bring out $100,000 each. And people will get very excited about this when they read these articles. The elder rotto of the United States of America, the discovery of inexhaustible gold mines in California. And the parallels to the gold rush and the internet rush continue very strongly. So many people left what they were doing, what would happen is in this way and the gold rush went on for years. People on the east coast in 1849 when they kind of first started to get the news. I think, ah, this isn't real. But they keep hearing about people getting rich and then in 1850, they still hear that and they're going to say, oh my, about 1852, they're thinking, my the stupidest person on earth by not rushing to California and they start to decide they are, these are community affairs by the way, local communities on east coasts would get together. And whole teams of 10, 20 people would care of Van across the United States and they would form companies. These were simply not solitary efforts. But no matter what, if you were a lawyer or a banker, people dropped what they were doing, no matter what skill set they had to go pan for gold. This guy on the left, Dr. Richard Beverly Cole, he lived in Philadelphia and he took the, ah, Panama route. They would take a ship down to Panama across the Ismus and then take another ship north. This guy, Dr. Tolland, went by covered wagon to California. This has its apparelist to doctors leaving their practices. These were both very successful, physician, one case surgeon, the other. Same thing happened on the internet. You get Dr.Coup.com. The gold rush, people literally jumped ship. The San Francisco harbor was clogged with 600 ships at the peak because the ships would get there and the crews would abandon to go search for gold. So there were literally 600 captains and 600 ships. They turned the ships into hotels because they couldn't sail them anywhere. You had .com fever and you had gold fever and you saw some of the excesses that the .com fever created and the same thing happened. The Fort and San Francisco at the time had about 1300 soldiers, half of them, deserted to go look for gold. They wouldn't let the other half out to go look for the first half because they were afraid they wouldn't come back. One of the soldiers