 And I think that the first step to world peace is for people to meet each other. I've met each other a lot of different people over the years and I filmed some of them from a.com executive in New York that wanted to take over the world to a military press officer and cuts out that would rather not take over the world. If you've seen the film control room that was sent out, you'd understand a little bit why. Thank you. Wow, smokey watch kit, that's great. So basically I, what I'd like to talk about today is a way for people to travel, to meet people in a different way than, than, than, because you can't travel all over the world at the same time. And a lot, a long time ago, about 40 years ago, my mom had an exchange student. And I'm going to show you slides of the exchange student. This is Donna. This is Donna at Statue of Liberty. This is my mother and aunt teaching Donna how to ride a bike. This is Donna eating ice cream. And this is Donna teaching my aunt how to do a Filipino dance. Now I really think as the world is getting smaller, it becomes more and more important that we learn each other's dance moves, that we meet each other, we get to know each other, we are able to figure out a way to cross borders, to understand each other, to understand people's hopes and dreams, will make them laugh and cry. And I know that we can't all do exchange programs. And I can't force everybody to travel. I've already talked about that to Chris and Amy and they said that there's a problem with this. You can't force people free will and I totally support that. So we're not forcing people to travel. But I'd like to talk about another way to travel. It doesn't require a ship or an airplane and just requires a movie camera, a projector, and a screen. And that's what I'm going to talk to you about today. I was asked that I speak a little bit about where I personally come from and camera I don't know how you manage to get out of that one. But I think that building bridges is important to me because of where I come from. I'm the daughter of an American mother and Egyptian Lebanese Syrian father. So I'm the living product of two cultures coming together, no pun intended. And I've also been called as an Egyptian Lebanese Syrian American with a Persian name, the Middle East peace crisis. So maybe me starting to take pictures was some kind of way to bring both sides of my family together, a way to take the world with me, a way to tell stories visually. It all kind of started that way, but I think that I really realized the power of the image when I first went to the garbage collecting village in Egypt when I was about 16. My mother took me there. She's somebody that believed me.