 NASA, for example, serves thermal-savualized sweet and sour pork on its shuttle menu for its astronauts. So let me present the question to you. If our benchmark for American is this apple pie, you should ask yourself how often do you eat apple pie? This is how often do you eat Chinese food? Right? And if you think about it, a lot of the foods that you think of or we think of or Americans think of as Chinese food are barely recognizable to Chinese, for example, but you could properly egg rolls, General's House Chicken, Fortune Cookies, Chopped Sewy, the Takeout Boxes. For example, to go a whole bunch of Fortune Cookies back to China, gave me Chinese to see how they would react. So, I have a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, also big, big, big, big safely, very, very, very, very, very happy day to you. Thank you so much. my turn as Yuにいまコーベールを迺上したいと思います。 So they're not as sweet as our version. So how would they get to the United States? Well, the sure answer is the Japanese immigrants came over and a bunch of the bakers introduced some including one, at least one in Los Angeles and one here in San Francisco called the Uncudo with some corner of Sutter and Beaconin. They, that fan actually made fortune cookies using very much similar kind of irons that we saw back in Kyoto. So the interesting question is, well how do you go from fortune cookies being something that is Japanese to something that is being Chinese? Well, the sure answer is, well we locked up all the Japanese during World War II, including those that made fortune cookies. See that time when the Chinese moved in kind of saw a market opportunity and took over. So fortune cookies invented by the Japanese popularized by the Chinese but ultimately consumed by Americans. They are more American than anything else. Another one of my favorite dishes, General's House Chicken, which by the way in the US Naval Academy is called Admiral's House Chicken. I love this dish, the original name of my book was actually called the Long March of General's House and he has marched very far indeed because he is sweet, he is fried and he is chicken, all things that Americans love. He has marched so far actually that the chef who originally invented a dish doesn't recognize it. He is kind of far apart.