 us and then he said, what you do for the least of these you do for me. Now I was pretty psyched. I was very eager to be useful in the world. I think we all have that feeling. And also it was kind of interesting that God needed help. That was news to me and it felt like it was a very important thing to get to participate in. But I also learned very soon thereafter that Jesus also said in a paraphrasing, the poor would always be with us. This frustrated and confused me. I felt like I had been just given a homework assignment that I had to do and was excited to do. But no matter what I would do, I would fail. So I felt confused, a little bit frustrated and angry. Like maybe I had misunderstood something here and I felt overwhelmed. And for the first time I began to fear this group of people and to feel negative emotion towards a whole group of people. I imagined in my head a kind of long line of individuals that were never going away that would always be with us. They were always going to ask me to help them and give them things. So I was excited to do, but I didn't know how it was going to work. And I didn't know what happened, what would happen when I ran out of things to give. And especially if the problem was never going away. In the years following, the other stories I heard about the poor going up were no more positive. For example, I saw pictures and images frequently of sadness and suffering. I heard about things that were going wrong in the lives of the poor. I heard about disease. I heard about war. They always seemed to be kind of related. And in general, I got this sort of idea that the poor, the poor in the world, lived lives that were brought with suffering and sadness, devastation, hopelessness. And after a while I developed what I think many of us do with this predictable response where I started to feel that every time I heard about them, I started to feel guilty for my own relative wealth because I wasn't doing more apparently to make things better. And I even felt a sense of shame because of that. And so naturally, I started to distance myself. I stopped listening to their stories quite as closely as I had before. And I stopped expecting things to really change. Now, I still gave. On the outside, it looked like I was still quite involved. They gave me my time and my money. I gave when solutions were unsailed, passive cup of coffee, and save a child's life, right? I mean, who can argue with that? I gave when I was cornered, when it was difficult to avoid. And I gave in general when the negative emotions build up enough that I gave to relieve my own suffering, not someone else's. The truth be told, I was giving out of that place, not out of a genuine place of hope and excitement to help and of generosity. It became a transaction for me, became sort of a trade. I was purchasing something. I was buying my right to go on with my day and not necessarily be bothered by this bad news. And I think the way that we go through that sometimes can, first of all, disembodied a group of people, individuals out there in the world. And it can also turn into a commodity. There's a very scary thing. So as I did this, and as I think many of us do this, we kind of buy our distance. We buy our right to go on with our day. I think