 When I get the brains, I don't know what I'm looking at. It's a blind experiment. I get to be normal people. So I've looked at about 70 of these and came up and saw a number of pieces of data. So we look at these sorts of things theoretically on the basis of genetics and brain damage, interaction with environment, and exactly how that machine works. So we're interested in exactly where in the brain, what's the most important part of the brain. We've been looking at this, the interaction of genes, what's called epigenetic effects, brain damage, and environment, and how these are timed. And how you end up with a psychopath, a killer, depends on exactly when the damage occurs. It's really a very precisely timed thing, different kinds of psychopaths. So we're going along with this, and here it's just to give you the pattern. And the pattern is that those people, every one of them, I looked at, who was a murderer, and this serial killer, had damage to their orbital cortex, which is right above the eyes, the orbits, and also the anterior part of the temporal. So this is pattern that every one of them had, but they all were a little different, too. They had a source brain damage. The key thing is that the major violence genes is called the MAOA gene. And there's a variant of this gene that is in the normal population. Some of you have this. And it's sex length. It's on the excromusome. And so in this way, you can only get it from your mother. And in fact, this is probably why mostly men, boys, are psychopathic killers, are very aggressive. Because the daughter can get one X from the father, one X from the mother, is kind of diluted out. But for a son, you can only get the excromusome from his mother. So this I was passed from mother to son. And it has to do with too much serotonin during development. It's kind of interesting because serotonin is supposed to make you calm and relaxed. But if you have this gene in utero, your brain is bathed in this. So your whole brain becomes insensitive to serotonin. So it doesn't work later on. And I've given this one talk in Israel just this past year. And it does have some consequences. And theoretically, what this means is that in order to express this gene in a violent way, very early on. And for puberty, you have to be involved in something that's really traumatic. Not a little stress, not even spank or something. Really seeing violence or being involved in it in 3D, right? This other mirror neurons system. And so if you have that gene and you have, you see a lot of violence in a certain situation. This is the recipe for disaster, absolute disaster. And what I think might happen in these areas of the world where we have constant violence, we end up having generations of kids that are seeing all this violence. And if I was a young girl somewhere in a violent area, 14 more, and I want to find a mate, I'd find some tough guy.