 And it's become the foundation of my work because I feel like if in a day I can see the ocean differently then I could evoke that same kind of change in others, especially kids. Before that day, this is how I saw the ocean. It's just a big bluestur. This is how we've seen the ocean since the beginning of time. It's a mystery. There's been a lot of folklore developed around the ocean, most of the negative. And that prompted people to make maps like this. With all kinds of wonderful detail in the land, but when you get to the water's edge, the ocean looks like one giant puddle of blue paint. This is the way I saw the ocean of school. As it to say, all geography and science lessons stop at water's edge. This part is not going to be on the test. But that day I flew low over the islands. It was a family trip to the Caribbean. I flew in a small plane low of the island. This is what I saw. I saw hills and valleys. I saw forests and meadows. I saw grottoes and secret gardens and places I'd loved to hide as a kid. I can only breathe in the water. This fall, I saw the animals. I saw a manoray that looked as big as the plane I was flying. And I flew over Lagoon with a shark in it. And that was the day that my comics took that a shark was calling. So from that day on, I was an ordinary kid walking around on dry land. But my head was down there underwater. Up until that day, these were the animals that were most common in my life. These are the ones I'd like to draw. All variations of four legs and fur. But when you got to the ocean, my imagination was no competition for nature. Every time I'd come up with a crazy cartoon character on the drawing board, I'd find a critter in the ocean that was even crazy. And the differences in scale between this tiny sea dragon and this enormous humpback whale is like something out of a science fiction. Whenever I talk to kids, I always like to tell them the biggest animal that ever lived, still a lot. It's not a dinosaur, it's a whale. Animals is as big as office with. Still swimming around out in our ocean. Speaking of dinosaur, sharks are basically the same fish they were 300 million years ago. So if you ever fantasize about going back in time and seeing what a dinosaur looked like, that's what a dinosaur looks like. So you have living dinosaurs, the space alien, animals that evolved in zero gravity and harsh conditions It's just incredible. New Hollywood designer could come up with something more interesting than that. Or the spank to particles in the water make it look like it's floating in outer space. Could you imagine if we looked through the Hubble telescope? We saw that. It would start a whole new space race. But instead we stick a camera in the deep ocean and we see a fish. And it doesn't capture our imaginations as a society. We say to ourselves, maybe we can make fish sticks or something. So what I'd like to do now is try a little drawing. So I'm going to try to draw.