 piece in which the majority of people on this planet have access to enough resources to live dignified lives where these people have enough access to education and health care so that they can live in freedom from want and freedom from fear. This is called human security and I am not a complete pacifist like some of my really really heavy duty nonviolent friends like Merade McWire. I understand that humans are so messed up to use a nice word because I promised my mom I'd stop using the F bomb in public and I'm trying I'm trying harder and harder mom. We need a little bit of police we need a little bit of military but for defense. We need to redefine what makes us secure in this world. It is not arming our country to the tea. It is not getting other countries to arm themselves to the teeth with the weapons that we produce and we sell them. It is using that money more rationally to make the countries of the world secure to make the people of the world secure. I was thinking about the recent ongoing in Congress where the president is offering 8.4 billion dollars to try to get the start vote. I certainly support the start vote but he's offering 84 billion dollars for the modernizing of nuclear weapons. You know the figure that the UN talks about for fulfilling the Millennium Development goals is 80 billion dollars. Just that little bit of money. Oh which to me I wish it was in my bank account. It's not. It's you know in in global terms it's a little bit of money but it's going to modernize weapons we do not need and will not be gotten rid of in our lifetime unless we get up off our and take action to make it happen. Unless we begin to believe that all of the things that we've been hearing about in these last two days are elements of what come together to make human security. It is saving the Tigers. It is stopping the tar sands. It is having access to medical equipment that can actually tell who does have cancer. It is all of those things. It is using our money for all of those things. It is about