 I'd like to bring apart from yourselves, a good friend, a stakeholder who's always absent when we deal with negotiations on environmental issues, a stakeholder who refuses to compromise. Planeter. So I thought I'd bring her with me here today on stage to have her as a witness of a remarkable journey, which humbly reminds us of the period of grace we've had over the past 10,000 years. This is the living conditions on the planet over the last 100,000 years. It's a very important period. It's roughly half the period when we've been fully modern humans on the planet. We've had the same roughly abilities of the development of civilizations as we know it. This is the environment of conditions on the planet. Here used as a proxy temperature variability. It was a jumpy ride. 80,000 years back in a crisis, we leave Africa. We colonize Australia and another crisis, 60,000 years back, leaves Asia for Europe and another crisis, 40,000 years back. And then we enter the remarkably stable, holocene phase. Only peered in the whole history of the planet that we know of that can support human development. 1,000 years into this period, we abandon our hunting and gather patterns. We go from a couple of million people to the seven billion people throughout today, the massive climate culture. We invent agriculture. We domesticate animals and plants. We have the Roman, the Greek, and the story as you know it. The only phase as we know it, that can support human. The trouble is we're putting a quadruple squeeze on this poor planet, a quadruple squeeze, which as its first squeeze has population growth in force. Now this is not only about number. This is not only about the fact that we're seven billion people committed to nine billion people. It's an equity issue as well. The majority of the environmental impacts on the planet have been caused by the rich minority, the 20% that jumped onto the industrial bandwagon in the mid-18th century. The majority of the planet, aspiring for development, having a right for development, a larger aspiring for an unsustainable lifestyle, a momentous question. The second pressure on the planet is of course the climate agenda. The big issue where the policy interpretation of sciences that it would be enough to stabilize greenhouse gases at 40.50 p.m. to avoid average temperatures exceeding to degrees. To avoid the risk that we may be destabilizing the Wethan Parkic ice shell, holding six meters level right, the risk of destabilizing green light holding enough seven meters in the price. Now you would have wished the climate pressure to hit a strong planet, a resilient planet, but unfortunately the third pressure is the ecosystem decline. Never have we seen of the past 50 years such a sharp decline of ecosystem functions and services of the planet. One of them being the ability to regulate climate on the long term in our forest, land, and biodiversity. The fourth pressure is surprise. The notion and the evidence that we need to abandon our old paradigm that ecosystems behave linearly, predictably, controlably, in our, say, linear systems. And that in fact surprises universal. The systems tip over very rapidly, abruptly, and often irreversible.