 You might also be asking whether it's possible that this is illegal for her to do this. Well, it turns out it's actually not illegal. In the fashion industry, there's very little intellectual property protection. They have trademark protection, but no copyright protection, and no patent protection to speak of. All they have really is trademark protection. And so it means that anybody could copy any garment on any person in this room and sell it as their own design. The only thing that they can't copy is the actual trademark label within that piece of the peril. That's one reason that you see logos splattered all over these products. It's because it's a harder for knockoff artists to knock off these designs, because they can't knock off the logo. But if you go to Saniali, yeah. Oh yeah. Canal Street, I know. And sometimes these are fun, right? The reason for this, the reason that the fashion industry doesn't have any copyright protection is because the courts decided long ago that a peril is too utilitarian to qualify for copyright protection. They didn't want a handful of designers owning the seminal building blocks of our clothing. And then everybody else would have to license this cop for this sleeve because Joe Blow owns it. But too utilitarian, I mean, is that the way you think of fashion? This is Vivian Westwood. No. We think of it as maybe too silly to unnecessary. Now, those of you who are familiar with the logic behind copyright protection, which is that without ownership, there is no incentive to innovate. Might be really surprised by both the critical success of the fashion industry and the economic success of this industry. What I'm going to argue today is that because there's no copyright protection in the fashion industry, fashion designers have actually been able to elevate utilitarian design. Things to cover our naked bodies into something that we consider art. Because there's no copyright protection in this industry, there's a very open and creative ecology of creativity. Unlike their creative brothers and sisters who are sculptors or photographers or filmmakers or musicians, fashion designers can sample from all their peers designs. They can take any element from any garment from the history fashion and incorporate it into their own design. They're also notorious for, you know, ripping off of the zeitgeist. And here, I suspect they were influenced by the costumes in Avatar. Maybe just a little. Can't copyright a costume, either. Now, fashion designers have the broadest palette imaginable in this creative industry. This wedding dress here was actually made of sports. And this dress is actually made of aluminum. I've heard this dress actually sort of sounds like Linchimes as they walk through. So one of the magical side effects of the design.