 musicians worked their fingers and what instruments they were using and it's the data hidden inside the recording. In order to do this, it's in a lot of hardware and software that runs in a very high resolution. Yamaha makes an incredible thing called the Displubier Pro that looks like a nice grand piano there. And you probably didn't realize it's some good things. But full soul noise and fibroptics, computers, all this kind of stuff. The resolution out of Japan and this just didn't work until we could cross this line that says, high definition. We were able to cross this line called the Uncanny Valley in terms of artificial intelligence terms. We were a process where we kind of put it into the computer and digitize it. And then a whole lot of analysis and we look at every single note and all the attributes of those. How hard they were struck, how they were held down, and how you move their fingers. So we had to develop a whole new science of how you move your fingers. And you know, it's a thing your piano teacher teaches you. Whenever I had a science behind me. I'm going to start with Glenn Gools. He died 25 years ago this year and was born 75 years old. He was a beloved pianist, maybe the great cult pianist of the 20th century. He just got tired of being in front of an audience and felt like a foreign monkey in fact, his term. So he stepped back and did nothing but crafting of his work. And rules especially was playing Bach. He is maybe most famous recording with something called the Goldberg Variations. Bach only wrote themes and variations one time. It's not really pieces, but late in his life and his mature period, he said, here's a theme, 30 variations. In fact, the theme isn't even the melody, it's the bass line. And Gools recorded it in two major recordings that you may know about one in mono and one in stereo. And the one in mono, by the way, he used the pedal. And as he got older, he said, no, no, wait a minute. I'm going to get very scientific about this, not use the pedal. What I'd like you to hear live is the 1955 version. And we'll play the first couple pieces of it. Glenn Gools, 1955.