 Thank you for being here. And I say thank you for being here because I was silent for 17 years. And the first words that I spoke were in Washington DC on the 20th anniversary of Earth Day and my family and friends had gathered there to hear me speak. And I said, thank you for being here. My mother, Abbey and C. jumped up, I know your John is talking. Imagine if you were quiet for 17 years and your mother was out in the audience, you'd say, my dad said to me, that's one. I'll explain that. But I turned around because I didn't recognize when my voice was coming from. I hadn't heard my voice in 17 years. So I turned around and I said, God, who's saying? I'm thinking. And then I realized it was me, you know, and I kind of laughed and I could see my father's, yeah, he really is crazy. Well, I want to take you on this journey. And the journey I believe is a metaphor for all of our journey. And so even though this one is a kind of unusual, I want you to think about your own journey. My journey began in 1971 when I witnessed two oil tankers collide beneath the golden gate and a half a million gallons of oil spilled into the bay. It disturbed me so much that I decided that I was going to give up riding and driving in motorized vehicles. That's a big thing in California. And it was a big thing in my little community of point-raise station in Inverness, California, because there was only about maybe 350 people there in the winter. This was back in 1971 now. And so when I came in and I started walking around, people did, they just knew what was going on. And people would drive up next to me and say, John, what are you doing? And I'd say, well, I'm walking for the environment. And they said, no, you're walking to make us look bad, right? You're walking to make us feel bad. And maybe there was some change to that because I thought that if I started walking, everyone would, you know, follow. Because of the oil, everybody talked about the pollution. And so I argued with people about that. I argued and I argued. I called my parents up. I said, I've given up riding and driving cars. My dad said, why didn't you do that when you were 16? I didn't know about the environment. Then they're back in Philadelphia. And so I told my mother, I'm happy. Don't really have as you said.