 to unwind their leverage in daily life to remove themselves from the liability and risk that it presents itself as they move forward. So to understand this, I'm going to stress this, it's not about the consumer being in retreat, the consumer is empowered. In order to understand this, we're going to step back and look a little bit at what's happened over the course of the last year and a half. So if you've been gone, this is the easy clip notes on what's happened in the economy. But employment up, housing values down, equity markets down, commodity prices are like this. If you're a mom trying to manage a budget and oil was $150 a barrel last summer and it's somewhere between 50 and 70, do you plan vacations? How do you buy? What's your strategy in your household? Will the bailout work? We have national debt, Detroit currency valuations, health care, all these issues facing this. You put them all together, you mix them up in a bullet base and you have consumer confidence. It's basically a ticking time bomb. In fact, let's go back and look at what caused this crisis because the consumer, all of us, that are daily lives actually contribute a large part to the problem. This is something I call the 50-20 paradox. It took us 50 years to reach annual savings ratings of almost 10%. 50 years. Do you know what this was right here? This is World War II. You know why savings was so high? There's nothing to buy unless you wanted to buy some rivets, right? So what happened though, over the course of the last 20 years, we went from a 10% savings rate to a negative savings rate because we binged. We bought extra car, large cars, super sized everything. We bought remedies for restless legs syndrome. All these things together basically created a factor where the consumer sort of drove us headlong into the crisis that we face today. The personal debt to income ratio basically went from 65% to 135% in the span of about 15 years. So consumers got over leverage and of course our bank's did as well as did our federal government. This is an absolutely staggering chart. It shows leverage trended out from 1919 to 2009. What you end up seeing is the whole phenomenon of the fact that we are actually stepping forth and basically leveraging future education, future children in our households. So if you look at this in the context of visualizing the bailout, what you can see is if you stack up dollar bills, first of all, $360,000 is about the size of a 5 foot 4 guy. But if you stack it up, you just see this amazing staggering amount of basically dollars that have been put into the system to fund and bail us out. So this is the first 315 billion, but I read this fact of the day that 1 trillion seconds equals 32,000 years. So if you think about that, the context, the casualness which we talk about, trillion dollar bailout here and trillion there, we are stacking ourselves up for long term leverage. However, consumers have moved, they are taking responsibility. What we're seeing is an uptick in the savings rate. In fact, 11 straight months of savings have happened since the beginning of the crisis. We are working on a new plan.