 draws them together. With matter as with people we see only the skin of things. We can't see into the engine room, can't see what makes people tick. At least not without difficulty. And the closer we look at anything, the more it disappears. In fact, if you look really close on it stuff, you look at the basic substructure of matter. There isn't anything there, electrons disappear in a kind of fuzz and there is only energy. You can't see energy. So everything that matters that's important is invisible. One slightly silly thing that's invisible is this story, which is invisible to you. I'm not going to make it visible to you in your minds. It's about an MP called Jeffrey Dickens. The late Jeffrey Dickens MP was attending a fate in his constituency, where he went and every stall he stopped was closely followed by a devoted smiling woman of indescribable ugliness. Try as he might, he couldn't get away from her. The few days later he received a letter from a constituent saying how much she admired him, had met him with a fate and asking for a signed photograph. After her name written in brackets was the apt description, horse face. I've misjudged this woman, thought Mr. Dickens, not only is she aware of her physical repulsiveness, she turns it to her advantage. A photo is not enough, so he went out and bought a plastic frame to put the photograph in and on the photograph he wrote with a flourish, two horse face with love from Jeffrey Dickens MP. After it had been sent off his secretary said to him, did you get that letter from the woman that the fate? I wrote horse face on her, so you remember who she was? I bet he thought he wished he was invisible, don't you? So one of the interesting things about invisibility is that things that we can't see, we also can't understand gravity is one thing that we can't see, which we don't understand. The least understood of all the fundamental forces and the weakest, and nobody really knows what it is or what it's there. But what it's worth, Sir Isaac Newton, the greatest scientist to ever live, he thought Jesus came to earth specifically to operate the levers of gravity, that's what he thought he was there for. So bright guy could be rocking that one, I don't know. Consciousness, I see all your faces, I have no idea what any of your thinking, isn't that amazing? Is it incredible that we can't read each other's mind, but we can touch each other, taste each other perhaps, we get close enough, but we can't read each other's minds, I find that quite astonishing. In the Sufi faith, this great Middle Eastern religion, some claim is the root of all religions, Sufi masters are all telepaths, so they say, but their main exercise of telepathy is to send out powerful signals to the rest of us that it doesn't exist. So that's why we don't think it exists, the Sufi masters working on us. In the question of consciousness and artificial intelligence, our artificial intelligence is really like the study of consciousness, got no