 The new operating system was not a capricious matter. It wasn't just a matter of tuning up some graphics routines. There were no graphics routines. There were no mouse drivers. So it was a necessity. But in the quarter century since then, we've seen all of the fundamental supporting technologies go berserk. So memory capacity and disk capacity has been multiplied by something between 10,000 and a million. Same thing for processor speeds. Networks, we didn't have networks at all at the time of the Macintosh introduction. And that has become the single most salient aspect of how we live with computers. And of course, graphics today, $84.97 at Best Buy, buys you more graphics power than you could have gotten for a million bucks from SGI, only a decade ago. So we've got that incredible ramp up. Then on the side, we've got the web and increasingly the cloud, which is fantastic. But also in the regard in which an interface is fundamental, kind of a distraction. So we've gotten to invent new interfaces. Certainly, we've seen in recent years a lot of change in that regard, and people are starting to wake up. So what happens next? Where do we go from there? The problem, as we see it, has to do with single simple words, space, or a single simple phrase, real world geometry. Computers and the programming languages that we talk to them in, that we teach them in, are hideously insensate when it comes to space. They don't understand real world space. It's a funny thing, because the rest of us occupy it quite frequently and quite well. They also don't understand time, but that's a matter of perceptive talk. So what happens if you start to explain space to them? One thing you might get is something like the luminous room. Luminous room is a system in which it's considered that input and output spaces are co-located. It's a strangely simple and yet unexplored idea. When you use a mouse, your hand is down here on the mouse pad. It's not even the same plane as what you're talking about. Pixels are off on display. So here was a room in which all the walls, floors, ceilings, heads, potted plants, whatever was in there, was capable not only of display, but of sensing as well. And that means input and output in the same space, enabling stuff like this. That's digital storage in a physical container. Contract is the same as with real world objects and real world containers. Has to come back out, whatever you put in. This little design experiment that was a small office here knew a few other tricks as well. It presented it with a chess board. It tried to figure out what you might mean by that. And if there was nothing for them to do, the chess pieces eventually got bored and hopped away. The academics who were overseeing this work thought that that was too frivolous. So we built deadly serious applications like this optics prototyping work bench in which a toothpaste path on a cardboard box becomes a laser. The beams, splitters, and lenses are represented by physical objects and the system projects down the laser beam path. So you've got an interface that has no interface. You operate the world as you operate the real world, which is to save with your hands.