 video game controller and it's mostly advertised for its motion sensing capability so you can swing tennis racket or hit a baseball bat but what actually interests me a lot more is the fact that the tip of each controller is relatively high performing infrared camera and I'm going to show you two demos of why this is useful. So here I have my computer set up with a projector and I have a Wii remote sitting on top of it and for example if you're in a school that doesn't have a lot of money which is probably a lot of schools or if you're in an office environment and you want an interactive whiteboard normally these costs about two to three thousand dollars so what I'm going to show you how to do it is how to create one with a Wii remote. Now this requires another piece of hardware which is this infrared pen you can probably make this yourself for about five dollars with a quick trip of the radio shock. It's essentially got a battery a button and an infrared LED and it turns on you guys can't see it but it turns on whenever I push the button. Now what this means is that if I run this piece of software I can now register the camera sees the infrared dot and I can register the location of the camera pixels to the projector pixels and now this is an interactive whiteboard surface for so for about fifty dollars of hardware you can have your own whiteboard. This is Adobe Photoshop. Now the software for this have actually put on my website and have let people download it for free and the three months of this project has been public it's been downloaded over half a million times so teachers and students all around the world are already using this. I want to quickly say that although it does do with $30 there are some limitations of this approach but you get about 80% of the way there for about one percent of the cost. Another nice thing is that a camera can see multiple dots so this is actually a multi-touch interactive whiteboard system as well. For the second demo I have this Wii remote that's actually next to the tv so it's pointing away from the display rather than pointing after display and why this is interesting here again is that if you put on say a pair of safety glasses and have two infrared dots in them what these two dots are essentially going to give you is give the computer an approximation of your head location and why this is interesting is I have this little application running on the computer monitor which has a 3D room with some targets floating in it and you can see that it looks like a 3D room as you can you can see I don't like a video game it sort of looks 3D but for the most part the image looks pretty flat and down to the surface of the screen but if we turn on headtracking the computer can change the image that's on the screen and make it respond to the head movement so let's switch back to that.