 Dad, your generation created this problem. You better fix it. Wow. All the conversations stopped. All the eyes turned to me. I didn't know what to say. Clinder's second law is there is a time when panic is the appropriate response. And we've reached that time. We cannot afford to underestimate this problem. We face irreversible and catastrophic consequences. We must act decisively. I've got to tell you, for me everything changed that evening. So my partner is and I, we set off on this mission to learn more and to try to do much more. So we mobilized, we got on airplanes. We went to Brazil. We went to China and to India to Bentonville, Arkansas, to Washington, D.C. and to Sacramento. And so what I'd like to do now is tell you about what we've learned in those journeys. Because the more we learned, the more concerned we grew. You know, my partner is at Clinder and I were compulsive networkers. So when we see a big problem or an opportunity like AVI and flu or personalized medicine, we just get together the smartest people we know. For this climate crisis, we assembled a network really of superstars from policy activists, to scientists and entrepreneurs and business leaders, 50 or so of them. And so I want to tell you about what we've learned in doing that. And for lessons I've learned in the last year. The first lesson is that companies are really powerful and that matters a lot. This is a story about how Walmart went green and what that means. Two years ago, the CEO, Lee Scott, believed that green is the next big thing. So Walmart made going green a top priority. They committed that they're going to take their existing stores and reduce their energy consumption by 20%. And their new stores by 30%. And do all that in seven years. The three biggest uses of energy in a store are heating and air conditioning, then lighting and then refrigeration. So look what they did. They painted the roofs of all their stores white. They put smart skylights through their stores so they could harvest the daylight and reduce the lighting to mass. Third, they put the refrigerated goods behind closed doors with LED lighting. I mean, why would you try to refrigerate a whole store? These are really simple smart solutions based on existing technology. Why does Walmart matter? Well, it's massive. They're the largest private employer in America. They're the largest private user of electricity. They have the second largest vehicle feet on the road. And they have one of the world's most amazing supply chain.