 openness to experience. People who are high on openness to experience just craves novelty, variety, diversity, new ideas, travel. People low on it, light things that are familiar, that are safe and dependable. If you know about this trait, you can understand a lot of puzzles about human behavior. You can understand why artists are so different from accountants. You can actually predict what kinds of books they like to read, what kinds of places they like to travel to, and what kinds of food they like to eat. Once you understand this trait, you can understand why anybody would eat at Applebees, but not anybody that you know. This trait also tells us a lot about politics. The main researcher of this trait, Robert and Craig, says that open individuals have an astinity for liberal, progressive, left-wing political views. They like a society which is open and changing, whereas closed individuals prefer conservative, traditional, right-wing. This trait also tells us a lot about the kinds of groups people try. So here's the description of the group I found on the web. What kinds of people would join a global community welcoming people from every discipline and culture who seek a deeper understanding of the world, and who hope to turn that understanding into a better future for us, all this is from some guy named Ted. Well, let's see now. If openness predicts who becomes liberal, and openness predicts who becomes a Tedster, then might we predict that most Tedsters are liberal? Let's find out. I'm going to ask you to raise your hand whether you are liberal left of center on social issues we're talking about from now, or conservative, and I'll give us third option because I know there are number of libertarians in the audience. So right now, please raise your hand down in the summer cast room's two. Let's let everybody see who's here. Please raise your hand if you would say that you are liberal, or left of center. Please raise your hand high right now. Please raise your hand if you say you're libertarian. Okay, about a two dozen, and please raise your hand if you say you are right of center or conservative. Two, three, four, five, about eight or ten. Okay, this is a bit of a problem because if our goal is to understand the world, to seek a deeper understanding of the world, our general lack of moral diversity here is going to make it hard because when people all share values, when people all share morals, they become a team, and once you engage the psychology of teams, it shuts down open-minded. Thank you. When the liberal team loses, as it did in 2004, and as it almost did in 2000, we comfort ourselves. We try to explain why half of America voted for the other team. We think they must be blinded by religion, or by simple stupidity. So if you think that half of America votes Republican because they are blinded