 There's wealth and money gaps. There's education gaps. There's also religious gaps. You know, we have all these gaps. And I think we like our gaps because they make us feel like we identify with something, some smaller community. But I think that actually despite our gaps, we really have a lot in common. And I think one thing we have in common is a very deep need to express ourselves. I think this is a very old human desire. It's nothing new. But the thing about self-expression is that there's traditionally been this imbalance between the desire that we have to express ourselves and the number of sympathetic friends who are willing to stand around and listen. This also is nothing new. Since the dawn of human history, we've tried to rectify this imbalance by making art, writing poems, singing songs, scripting editorials, and setting them into a newspaper, gossiping with friends. This is nothing new. What's new is that in the last several years, a lot of these very traditional physical human activities, these acts of self-expression have been moving on to the internet. And as that's happened, people have been leaving behind footprints, footprints that tell stories of their moments of self-expression. And so what I do is I write computer programs that study very large sets of these footprints and then try to draw conclusions about the people who left them, what they feel, what they think, what's different in the world today, than usual, these sorts of questions. One project that explores these ideas, which was made about a year ago, is a piece called We Feel Fine. This is a piece that every two or three minutes scanned the world's newly posted blog entries for occurrences of the phrases I feel or I am feeling. But when it finds one of those phrases, it grabs the sentence up to the period and then automatically tries to induce the age, gender, and geographical location of the person that wrote that sentence. Then knowing the geographical location in the time, we can also then figure out the weather when that person wrote the sentence. All of this information is saved in the database that collects about 20,000 feelings a day. It's been running for about a year and a half. It's reached about seven and a half million human feelings now. And I'll show you a glimpse of how this information is then visualized. So this is We Feel Fine. What you see here are a madly swarming mass of particles, each of which represents a single human feeling that was stated in the last few hours. The color of each particle corresponds to the type of feeling inside so that happy positive feelings are brightly colored and sad negative feelings are darkly colored. The diameter of each dot represents the length of the sentence inside so that the large dots contain large sentences and the small dots contain small sentences. Any dot can be clicked and expanded and we see here. I would just feel so much better if I could curl up in his arms right now and feel his affection for me and the embrace of his body and the tenderness of his lips. So it gets pretty hot and steamy sometimes in the world of human emotions. And all of these are stated by people. I know that objectively it really doesn't mean much but after spending