 So that's one reason to think that we might be declensionists going in the wrong direction. But I want to give you three examples to try to say that the trend line is impacting the other direction and it's the internet helping it along. So example number one, the internet itself. These are three of the founders of the internet. They were actually high school classmates together at the same high school in suburban Los Angeles in the 1960s. You might have had a French club or a debate club. They had to let's go to global network club and it worked out very well. They're pictured here for their 25th anniversary Newsweek retrospective on the internet. And as you can tell, they're basically goofballs. They had one great limitation and one great freedom as they tried to conceive of a global network. The limitation was that they didn't have any money. No particular amount of capital to invest of the sort that for a physical network you might need for trucks and people and a hub to move packages around overnight. They had none of that. But they had an amazing freedom, which was they didn't have to make any money from it. The internet has no business plan never did. No CEO, no firm, responsible, singly, for building it. Instead, it's folks getting together to do something for fun rather than because they were told to or because they were expecting to make a mint chocolate. That ethos led to a network architecture, a structure that was unlike other digital networks than or since. So unusual in fact that it was said that it's not clear the internet could work. As late as 1992, IBM was known to say you couldn't possibly build a corporate network using internet protocol. And even some internet engineers today say the whole thing is a pilot project and the jury is still out. That's why the mascot of internet engineering if you had one is said to be the bumblebee. Because the fur to wingspan ratio of the bumblebee is far too large for it to be able to fly. And yet mysteriously somehow the bee flies. I'm pleased to say that thanks to massive government funding about three years ago we finally figured out how bees fly. It's very complicated but it turns out they flap their wings very quickly. So what is this bizarre architecture configuration that makes network sing and be so unusual? Well to move data around from one place to another again it's not like a package courier. It's more than just a few years ago.