 and then how they interact and why in the end there may be some good news. When we talk about power transition, we often talk about the rise of Asia. It really should be called recovery or return of Asia. If we looked at the world in 1800, you'd find that more than half of the world's people lived in Asia and they made more than half the world's profit. Now fast-forward to 19 hundred and half the world's people more than half still live in Asia, but they're now making only a fifth of the world's profit. What happened? The Industrial Revolution, which meant that all of a sudden Europe and America became the dominant center of the world. What we're going to see in the 21st century is Asia gradually returning to being more than half of the world's population and more than half of the world's profit. That's important and it's an important shift, but let me tell you a little bit about the other shift that I'm talking about, which is power diffusion. To understand power diffusion, put this in your mind. Computing and communications costs have fallen a thousandfold between 1970 and the beginning of this century. Now that's a big abstract number, but to make it more real, if the price of an automobile had fallen as rapidly as the price of computing power, you could buy a car today for $5. Now when the price of any technology declines that dramatically, the barriers to entry go down, anybody can play in the gate. So in 1970, if you wanted to communicate from Oxford to Johannesburg to New Delhi to Brasilia and anywhere, simultaneous, you could do it. The technology was there, but to be able to do it, you had to be very rich. A government, a multinational corporation, maybe the Catholic Church, but you had to be pretty wealthy. Now anybody has that capacity, which previously was restricted by price, just to a few actors, if they have the price of entry into an internet cafe. The last time I looked, it was something like a pound now, and if you have skyped, it's free. So, capabilities that were once restricted are now available to everyone. And what that means is not that the age of the state is over. The state still matters, but the stage is crowded. The state's not alone. There are many, many actors. Some of that's good. Oxfam, a great