 The ability to engineer tissues and robots. And somehow it will all make sense. But anyway, let's start with the economy. There's a couple of really big problems that are still sitting there, one is leverage. And the problem of leverage is it makes the US financial system work like this. So a normal commercial bank has 9 to 10 times larger than the other. So a normal commercial bank has 9 to 10 times leverage. That means for every dollar you deposit it loans out about 9 or 10. A normal investment bank is not a deposit bank, it's an investment bank. It has 15 to 20 times. It turns out that V of A in September had 32 times. And your friendly city bank had 47 times. Oops. That means every bad loan goes bad 47 times over. And that of course was the reason why all of you were making such generous and wonderful donations to these nice folks. And as you think about that, you got a wonder. So what a bank's having store for you now. It ain't pretty. The government, meanwhile, has been acting like Santa Claus. We all love Santa Claus, right? But the problem with Santa Claus is when you look at the mandatory spending of what these folks have been doing and promising folks. It turned out that in 1967 about 38% was mandatory spending on what we call entitlements. And then by 2007 it was 68%. We weren't supposed to run into 100% until about 2030. So if we've been so busy giving away a trillion here or a trillion there, but we've brought that data reckoning forward to about 2017. We thought we were going to be able to lay these debts off on our kids, but guess what? We're going to start to pay them. And the problem with this stuff is now that the bills come due. It turns out Santa isn't quite as cute when it's summer time, right? Here's some advice from one of the largest investors in the United States. This guy runs the China Investment Corporation. He is the main buyer of US Treasury bonds and gave an interview in December. Here's his first bit of advice. And here's a second bit of advice. And by the way, the Chinese Prime Minister reiterated this at Davos last Sunday. This stuff is getting serious enough that if we don't start paying attention to the deficit.