 There is a main not for hearing, but for listening. Listening is an active skill. Whereas hearing is passive, listening is something that we have to work at. It's a relationship that's sound. And yet it's a skill that none of us are taught. For example, have you ever considered that there are listening positions? Places you can listen from. Here are two of them. Reductive listening is listening for. It reduces everything down to what's relevant and it discards everything that's not relevant. Men typically listen deductively. So he's saying, I've got this problem. He's saying, here's a solution. Thanks very much. Next. That's the way we talk, right guys. Expansive listening, on the other hand, is listening with, not listening for. It's got no destination in mind. It's just enjoying the journey. Women typically listen expansively. If you look at these two, I can't take facing each other. Possibly, both talking at the same time. Men, if you get nothing else out of this talk, practice expansive listening and you can transform your relationships. The trouble with listening is that so much of what we hear is noise surrounding us all the time. Noise like this, according to the European Union, is reducing the health and the quality of life of 25% of the population of Europe. 2% of the population of Europe, that 16 million people are having their sleep devastated by noise like that. Noise kills 200,000 people a year in Europe. It's a really big problem. Now, when you were little, you had noise and didn't want to hear it. You'd stick your fingers in your ears and hum. These days, you can do a similar thing. It just looks a bit cooler. It looks a bit like this. The trouble with widespread headphone use is that it brings three really big health issues. The first really big health issue is a word that Murray Shaper coined, schizophrenia. It's a dislocation between what you see and what you hear. So we're inviting into our lives, the voices of people who are not present with us. I think there's something deeply unhealthy about living all the time in schizophrenia. The second problem that comes with headphone abuse is compression. We squash music to fit it into our pocket. And there is a cost attached to this. Listen to this. This is an uncompressed piece of music. And now the same piece of music with 98% of the data removed. I do hope that some of you at least can hear the difference between those two. There is a cost of compression. It makes you tired and irritable to have to make up all of that data. You're having to imagine it. It's not good for you in the long run. The third problem with headphones is this. Definence. Noise-induced hearing disorder. 10 million Americans already have this for one reason or another. But really worrying, the 16% roughly one in six of American teenagers suffer from noise-induced hearing disorder as a result of hearing headphone abuse. One study in American University found that 61% of college freshmen had damaged hearing as a result of hearing.