 that would do it. This is so. It has frequency of roughly 12 cycles per minute. Most people find that very soothing, the interesting 12 cycles per minute is roughly the frequency of the breathing of the sleeping human. So there's a deep resonance within that rest. We also associate it with the stress-free and unhollowed end. The second way in which sound affects you is psychological. Music is the most powerful form of sound that we know that affects our emotional state. This is guaranteed to make most of you feel pretty sad if I leave it on. Music is not the only kind of sound however which affects your emotions. Natural sound can do that too. Birdsong for example is a sound which most people find reassuring. There's a reason for that. Over hundreds of thousands of years we've learned that when the birds are singing, things are safe. It's when they stop you and you can be worried. The third way in which sound affects you is cognitively. You can't understand too this for talking at one or so. In this case, one person talking to you. You have to choose which me you're going to listen to. We have a very small amount of bandwidth processing auditory input which is why noise like this is extremely damaging for productivity. If you have to work in loads of planets like this, your productivity is greater reduced and whatever number you're thinking of, it probably isn't as bad as this. You are one third as productive in open plan offices as in quiet rooms and I have a tip for you. If you have to work in spaces like that, carry headphones with you with a soothing sound like birdsong. Put them on and your productivity goes back up to triple what it would be. The fourth way in which sound affects us is behaviourally. With all that other stuff going on, it would be amazing if our behaviour didn't change. So ask yourself, is this person ever going to drive on a steady 28 miles per hour? I don't think so. At the simplest, you move away from unpleasant sound and towards pleasant sound. So if I were to play this, for more than a few seconds, you feel uncomfortable for more than a few minutes you've been leaving the room in droves. But people who can't get away from noise like that, it's extremely damaging for their health and that's not the only thing that bad sound damages. Most retail sound is inappropriate and accidental and even hostile and it has a dramatic effect on sales. For those of you who are retailers you may want to look away before I show this slide. They're losing up to 30% of their business. With people leaving shops faster or just turning around on the door, we all have done it and leaving the area because the sound in there is so dreadful. I want to spend just a moment talking about the model that we've developed which allows us to start at the top and look at the drivers of sound, analyse the soundscape and then predict the four outcomes I've just talked about or start at the bottom and say what outcomes do we want them in, design a soundscape to have a desired effect. At last we've got some science we can apply and we're in the business of designing soundscapes. Just a word on music, music is the most powerful sound there is, often inappropriately deployed. It's powerful for two reasons. You recognise it fast and you associate it very powerfully. I'll give you two examples. Most of you recognise that immediately, the younger maybe not.