 pet market or they seized the animals directly from the people's houses. And this is how we end up every month with thousands of seized animals. And for us to understand what happens with them, we're going to follow bread. In the eyes of many people, after the animals are seized, they say, yay, just as have been served, the good guys arrived, took the cute mistreated animals from the hands of the evil traffickers and everyone lived happily ever after. But did they? Actually no, and this is where many of our problems begin because we have to figure out what to do with all these animals. In Brazil, there are usually first sense to go through mental triage facilities. In which most of the cases, the conditions are as bad as with the traffickers. In 2002, these centers received 45,000 animals, of which 37,000 were birds and the police estimates that we see only 5% of what's being trafficked. Some lucky ones, and among them bread, go to serious rehabilitation centers after that. And in these places they are cared for. They train their flying, they learn how to recognize the food they are finding nature, and they are able to socialize with others from the same species. But then what? The Brazilian or Neutological Society, so now we're talking only birds, claims that we have too little knowledge about the species in nature. Therefore, it would be too risky to release these animals, both for the released and for the natural populations. They also claim that we spend too many resources in their rehabilitation. Following this argument, they suggest that all the birds seized from non-pretty and its species should be euthanized. However, this would mean having killed 26,267 birds only in the state of São Paulo, only in 2006. But some researchers, myself included, some NGOs, and some people from the Brazilian government believe there is an alternative. We think that if and when the animals meet certain criteria concerning their health, behavior, inferiority, and whatever we know about the natural populations, then technically responsible releases are possible, both for the well-being of the individual and for the conservation of the species and the ecosystems. Because we will be returning genes for these populations, which could be important