 to and I thought, okay, here we go. I didn't know what happened so quick at eight. I was trying to remember all the guidebooks and all I could remember was only answer the question they're asking. Don't give any more information. So I said, yes. And she said, and where do human women, like where do women lay their eggs? And I said, well, funny, you should ask, we have evolved to have our own pond. We have our very own pond inside our bodies. And we lay our eggs there. We don't have to worry about other eggs or anything like that. It's our own pond. And that's how it happens. And she goes in, how do they get fertilized? And I said, well, men in their, in their, in their penis, they fertilize the eggs by its sperm clean out and both human women is betrayed. And so would you see eating and her jaw disrupt and she goes, mom, like where are you going to the bathroom? And I said, I know. I know. How we evolved, it does seem odd. It is a little bit like having a waste treatment plant right next to an amusement park. Bad zoning. But what should we put mom? But men and women can't ever see each other naked mom. So how could that ever happen? And then I go, well, then I'm like put my Margaret Mead head on, human males and females develop a special bond. And when they're much older, much, much older than you, and they have a very special feeling, and they can be naked together. And she said, mom, have you done these before? And I said, yes. And she said, but mom, you can't have kids because she knows I adopted her and that I can't have kids. And I said, yes. And she said, point, don't have to do that again. And I said. And then she said, but how does it happen when a man and woman are together? Like how do they know that's the time? Mom, does the man just stay is now the time to take off my pants? And I said, yes. That is exactly right. Exactly how it happened. So then my driving home and she's looking up the window and she says, well, what if just two people saw each other in the street, like a man and woman, they just started doing it without ever having to do it. And I said, oh, no, humans are so private. Oh, then she was, what if there was like a party and there was just like a whole bunch of girls and all that's a boy's and there's just bunch of men and women and they just started doing it mom with that ever happened. And I said, oh, no, no, not how we do it. Then we got home and we see the cat and she goes, how do you want to catch do it? And I go, oh, it's the same. It's basically the same and then she got all caught up in the legs. But how would their legs go?