 state of the art encryption to balance up around the instant high trails, pass it through legal jurisdictions like Sweden and Belgium to take, to enact those legal protections. We get information, mail, regular postal mail, encrypted or not, read it like a regular news organization or matter to something, sometimes something it's quite hard to do when we're talking about giant databases of information released to the public and then depend ourselves against the inevitable legal and frequent attacks. So you make an effort to ensure the documents are legitimate but you actually almost never know who the identity of the sources is. Very, very real. And if we find out at some stage that we destroy that information, so that's possible. Okay. Let's see, I asked you what the code is for a 10 membership. So let's take an example actually. This is something you leaked a few years ago. If we can help this stop me now. So this was a story in Kenya a few years ago. Can tell us what you leaked and what happened. So this is the Crow report. This was a secret intelligence report commissioned by the Kenning government after its election 2004. Prior to 2004, Kenning was ruled by Daniel Arupmoi about 18 years. He was soft dictator Kenning. And when Quebec he got into power through a coalition of forces that were trying to clean up corruption in Kenya, they commissioned this report and about 2 million pounds on this and associated report. And then the government settled it and used the political leverage of Moe who was the richest man. Still is the richest man in Kenya. It's the holy grail of Kenning journalism. So I went there in 2007 and you manage to get all of this just prior to the election. The National Election, December 28. When we released that report, it did so three days after the new president's back had decided to pal up with the man that he was going to clean out Daniel Arupmoi. So this report then became a dead albatross around President Quebec's neck. And I mean, Karolong's story short, words of the report, leaked into Kenya, not from the official media, but indirectly. And in your opinion, she shifted the election. So this became front page regarding it was then printed and all was surrounding countries. 10 years, South African press.