 school. But when she said it, the phrase seemed all caught up in the excitement of preparations for our first communion and our first confession. And everybody knew that was really all about the white dress and the white veil. And anyway, I hadn't really paid all that much attention to that phrase, age of reason. So I said, yeah, yeah, age of reason. What is that, William? And my dad said, well, we believe in the Catholic Church that God knows that little kids don't know the difference between right and wrong. But when you're seven, you're old enough to know better. So you've grown up and reached the age of reason. And now God will start keeping notes on you and begin your permanent record. And I said, oh, wait a minute. You mean all that time up till today? All that time I was so good. God didn't notice it. And my mom said, well, I noticed it. I thought, how could I not have known this before? How could it not have sunk in when they've been telling me all that being good and no real credit for it? And worst of all, how could I not have realized this very important information? It felt the very day that it was basically useless, so I said, well, mom and dad, what about Santa Claus? I mean, Santa Claus knows if you're not ear nice, right? And my dad said, yeah, but honey, I think that's technically just between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And my mother said, oh, stop it. Let's just tell her. I mean, she's seven. Julie, there is no Santa Claus. Now, this was actually not that upsetting to me. My parents had this holy elaborate story about Santa Claus, how they had talked to Santa Claus himself and agreed that instead of Santa delivering our presence over the night of Christmas Eve, like he did for every other family who got to open their surprises first thing this morning, our family would give Santa more time. Santa would come to our house while we were at nine o'clock high mass on Christmas morning, but only if all of his kids did not make a fuss, which made me very suspicious. It was pretty obvious that it was really our parents giving us some presents. I mean, my dad had a very distinctive wrapping style and my mother's handwriting was so close to Santa Claus. But why would Santa say time by having to loop back to our house after he'd gone to everybody else's? There is only one obvious conclusion to reaching this mountain of evidence. Our family was too strange and weird for even Santa Claus to come visit. And my poor parents are trying to protect us from the embarrassment, this eliliation of rejection by Santa, who was jolly. Let's face it, he was also very judgment. So to find out that there was no Santa Claus at all was actually sort of a relief. I left the kitchen not really in shock about Santa. Rather, I was just dumbfounded about how I could have missed this whole age of reason thing. It was too late for me. Maybe I could help someone else, someone who could use the information. They had to fit to criteria, they had to be old enough to be able to understand the whole concept.