 refuse under any circumstance whatsoever to inflict that pain on anybody else. And people have emphasized the importance of compassion not just because it sounds good but because it works. People have found that when they have implemented the Golden Rule as Confucius said all day and every day not just a question of doing your good deed for the day and then returning to a life of greed and agatism. But to do it all day and every day you de-throwing yourself from the centre of your world, put another there and you transcend yourself. And it brings you into the presence of what's being called God, Nirvana, Brahman, Tao, something that goes beyond what we know in our ego-bound existence. But you know you never know it a lot at the time that this was so central to the religious life because with a few wonderful exceptions very often when religious people come together religious leaders come together they're arguing about of scruced doctrines or uttering counsel of hatred or obeying against homosexuality or something of that sort. Often people don't really want to be compassionate. I sometimes see when I'm speaking to a congregation of religious people as sort of mutinous expression crossing their faces because people often want to be right instead. And that goes defeats the object of the exercise. Now why was I so grateful to Ted? Because they took me very gently from my bookline study and brought me into the 21st century enabling me to speak to a much much more wider audience than I could have ever been seen because I feel an urgency about this. If we don't manage to implement the golden rule globally so that we treat all peoples wherever they may be as though they were as important as ourselves, I doubt that we'll have a viable world to hand on to the next generation. The task of our time, one of the great tasks of our time is to build a global society as I said that where people can live together in peace and the religions that should be making a major contribution are instead seen as part of the problem. And of course it's not just religious people who believe in the golden rule. This is the source of all morality, this imaginative act of empathy, putting yourself in the place of another. And so we have a choice.