 And I certainly didn't even want to be a writer particularly. But then I suffered a series of Korea catastrophes one after the other. And finally found myself in television. Oh. Oh. Oh. I said that to Bill Moyers and he said, oh, we take anybody. And I was doing some rather controversial religious programs. This went down very well in the UK where religion is extremely unpopular. And so for once the only time in my life I was finally in the main screen. But I got sent to Jerusalem to make a film about early Christianity. And therefore the first time I encountered the other religious traditions. Judaism and Islam, the sister religions of Christianity. And while I father I knew nothing about these faces at all. Despite my own intensely religious background. I'd seen Judaism only as a kind of prelude to Christianity. And I knew nothing about Islam at all. But in that city, that tortured city where you see the free face jostling. So easily together you also become aware of the profound connection between them. And it has been the study of other religious traditions that brought me back to a sense of what religion can be. And actually in it were me to look at my own faith in a different light. And I found some astonishing things in the course of my study that had never occurred to me. Frankly, in the days that when I give thought I had it with religion, I just found the whole thing absolutely incredible. These doctrines seemed unproven, abstract. And to my astonishment when I began seriously studying other traditions, I began to realize that the belief which we make such a pass about today is only a very recent religious enthusiasm. It surfaced only in the West in about the 17th century. The word belief itself originally meant to love, to prize, to hold dear. In the 17th century it narrowed its focus for reasons that I'm exploring in a book I'm writing at the moment, to include, to mean an intellectual ascent to a set of propositions. Crado, I believe, it did not mean I accept certain credal articles of faith. It meant I committed myself, I engaged myself. Indeed some of the world traditions think very little of religious orthodoxy.