 each and they use for bear pursuit and also being trained later on to become dancing bears like the one you just saw. Sadly the family of calendars depended on this bear. The couple are barely 18 years old. They already have four children beside them. You can see them. And the economy of the family and the livelihood depended on this animals. We had to deal with it in a very practical and sustainable manner. Now when we started working deeper and digging we found that it's an illegal act. These guys could go to jail for seven years if they were caught by authorities. What they were doing to the bears was really appalling. It was unacceptable. The mother bears are usually killed. The cubs which are taken are separated. The teeth are basically bashed out with a metal rod and they use a red hot iron needle to make a hole through the muscle. Now we had to start changing these people and converting them from using that for livelihood, getting something else. This is B2 calendar who was our first experiment and we were so unsure that we wanted to work at all. We managed to convince him and we said okay here's some seed fun. Let's see if you can get something else. We got the bear cylinder to be set up a sanctuary. We are four sanctuaries in India and now he sells cool drinks. He's by the highway and a telephone booth and then started. There was no turning back after that. This is Sadhuwa who came and started his bear. Now he runs a cattle forest store and a grain store near Agra. Then there was no looking back at all for us. We gave cycle rickshaws. We set up carpet weaving units, vocational training for the women. The women were just not allowed to come out of the community and work with the main seam society. We were able to address that. Education, the kids never went to school. They only had Islamic education. They were very little of it and they were not allowed to go to school because they were an extra earning hand at home. We managed to get education. We sponsored 600 children and education programs today. We were able to ensure brighter futures for these people. Of course we had to also get the bears in. This is what happens to the bears when they come in and this is what we turn them into. We have a veterinary facility in our rescue centers. Basically in 2002 they were 1200 dancing bears and we've rescued 550 dancing bears. We've been able to ensure better futures for the people and the bears. The big news that I want to announce today is that next month we will be bringing in the very last bear of India into our rescue center. India will no longer have to witness the scruel barbaric practice which has been here for centuries and the people can hold the heads of high and the calendar people will rise above all the scruel barbaric past that they've lived all their lives and the beautiful bears can of course live in the wild again and there'll be no more removing of these bears and children both humans and backups and live peacefully. Thank you.