 book about the 17th century. And I realized the roots of the way I sort of thought was this the only natural way to think about things that you know I was born thinking about things that way. And I had always been like a little scientist guy and when I went to find out something I used scientific methods. I wasn't really surprised you know when they first told me how how you were supposed to do science because I'd already been doing it for fun and whatever. But it didn't it never occurred to me that it had to be invented and that it had been invented only 350 years ago. You know it was it was like it happened in England and Germany and Italy sort of all at the same time and and the story of that I felt really fast and you said I'm going to talk a little bit about that and what exactly is it that scientists are supposed to do. And it's it's a kind of what you know Charles I got beheaded somewhere early in the 17th century in the English setup, Kramlo and a whole bunch of Republicans or whatever not the Conor Republicans we had they would they changed the government and it didn't work and Charles II the son I was finally put back on the throne of England. He was really nervous because this dad had been you know beheaded to be in the king of England and he was nervous about the fact that conversations that got going in like bars and stuff would turn to weird I mean people it is kind of it's hard to believe but people in the 17th century in England were starting to talk about you know philosophy and stuff in bars. I mean they didn't have TV screens and they didn't have any football games to watch and they would get really pissy and it would happen people would spill out into the street and fight about issues like whether or not it was okay if Robert Boyle made a device called a vacuum pump. Boyle was a friend of Charles II he was a Christian guy during the weekends but on the during the week he was a scientist and which was back in it was sort of you know well you know if you if you make this thing he made this little device like kind of like bicycle pump in reverse that could suck all the air out of it you know what a bell jar is when I see like you pick it up put it down and it's got a seal and you can see inside of it so you can see what going on inside just what he was trying to do was pump all the air out of there and see what would happen inside of it. I mean the first I think one of the first experiments he did was he put a bird in there and and you know people were in the 17th century they didn't really understand the same way we do about you know this stuff is a bunch of different kinds of molecules and we breathed in for a purpose and all that I mean fish don't know much about water and people didn't know much about air but both are exploring it one thing you put a bird