 either. In fact, they would never have thought themselves as closed and set in their ways as slow to respond to new challenges as small and risk averse, and in fact they weren't, they were reinventing charity in those times what Rock Club called the business of the Netherlands. But by the end of the 20th century, a new generation of critics and reformers had come to see philanthropy just this way. The thing to watch for as a global philanthropy industry comes about, and that's exactly what is happening, is how the aspiration is to flip these old assumptions from philanthropy to become open and big and fast and connected in service of a long term. This entrepreneurial energy is emerging from many quarters, and it's driven and propelled forward by new leaders like many of the people here, by new tools like the ones we've seen here, and by new pressures. I've been following this change for quite a while now and participating in it. This report is our main public report. What it tells is the story of how today actually could be as historic as a hundred years ago. What I want to do is share some of the coolest things that are going on with you, and as I do that, I'm not going to dwell much on the very large philanthropy that everybody already knows about. The gates and the sorrows and the Google. Instead, what I want to do is talk about the philanthropy of all of us. The democratization of philanthropy. This is a moment in history when the average person has more power than at any time. What I'm going to do is look at five categories of experiments, each of which challenges an old assumption of philanthropy. The first is mass collaboration represented here by Wikipedia. Now this may surprise you, but remember, philanthropy is about giving a time of talent, not just money. Clay Shurkey, that great chronicler of everything, networked, has captured the assumption that this challenge is in such a beautiful way. He said, we've lived in this world where little things are done for love and big things for money. Now we have Wikipedia. Suddenly, big things can be done for love. Watch the spring for Paul Hawkins' new book, author and entrepreneur, many of you may know about books called Blessed Unrest. When it comes out, a series of wiki sites under the label, Wiser, are going to watch at the same time. Wiser stands for World Index, social and environmental responsibility. Wiser sets up to document, link, and empower what Paul calls the largest movement and fastest growing movement in human history. Humanity's collective immune response to today's threats. Now all of these big things for love experiments aren't going to take off, but the ones that do are going to be the biggest, the most open, the fastest, the most connected form of philanthropy in human history. Second category is online philanthropy marketplaces. This is of course the philanthropy.