 bit of this stuff, but over the years the black wards were fine, but they ran out of chalk. And this is a real crisis for them. And that's where the hyena comes in. Like hyena is probably the most perfectly designed scavenging animal in the world. It strip minds, carcasses, and it has amazing teeth because it enables the hyena to essentially eat bones. Now the end product of that action is up on the board here. And what the missionaries would do is they'd walk around and they pick up hyena shit. And the critical thing about hyena shit is it makes great chalk. Now that's not what I'm here to talk about, but it is assassinating aspect of animal designs. What I'm here to talk about is the camel. When I started talking to Richard about what I was going to speak about, I had recently come back from Jordan when I had an amazing experience with the camel. And we were in the desert. That's the end of this talk. Yeah, yeah. We were in the desert in Wadi Room and a small jeep or four of us, two bed-wing drivers. And you can just imagine this space is an ocean of sand, 105 degrees, one water bottle. And we were driving in what they told us was they're very, very best jeep. It didn't look like it to me. And as we started to circle through the desert, the jeep broke down. You guys got out, they put the hood up, they started working under the hood. We got it going again about 100 yards of broke down. This went on about six or seven times. We were getting more and more aligned and we were also getting deeper and deeper into the desert. And eventually our worst nightmare happened. They flooded the engine. And they said, no problem. We just get out of what? I said, we get out of what? One water bottle, remember guys, four people. And so, yeah, we'll walk, we'll find some camels. So we got out of walked and we showed up about half a mile. We came up and pressed this hill. And there was a huge gathering of bed-wingers with their camels. You guys went up and started dickering and $10 later we had four camels. They went down like elevators. We got on them. They went back up. And the bed-wing, each bed-wing, four of them got behind each of the camels with a whip. And they started slashing away at the back of the camels and they started galloping. If you've ever been in a camel, it is a very, very uncomfortable ride. There's also one other aspect about these camels. About every 10 steps, they lean back and try to take a chunk out of your leg. So we kept on going and this camel kept on trying to take a chunk out of my leg. And eventually three miles later we arrived at our destination where our Jeep was supposed to meet us. And the camels come down again like elevators. We sort of clumsily get off and we obviously try to take another chunk out of my leg. And I've developed a very wonderful relationship.