 curiosity and desire and drive you, drive you with a passion to change things. I went out and did a lit review, 3,000 articles on the keyword slavery two turned out to be about contemporary, only two. All the rest were historical. There were press pieces and they were full of outrage, they were full of speculation, they were anecdotal, no solid information. So I began to do a research project of my own. I went to five countries around the world. I looked at slaves, I met slaveholders and I looked very deeply into slave-based businesses because this is an economic crime. People do not enslave people to be mean to them. They do it to make a profit. And I got to tell you what I found out in the world in four different continents was depressingly familiar, like this. Agricultural workers in Africa, whipped and beaten, showing us how they were beaten in the fields before they escaped from slavery and met up with our film crew. It was mind blown. And I want to be very clear, I'm talking about real slavery. This is not about lousy marriages, this is not about jobs that suck. This is about people who cannot walk away, people who are forced to work without paying, people who are operating 24-7 under a threat of violence and have no pay. It's real slavery in exactly the same way that slavery would be recognized throughout all of human history. Now where is, well, this map in the sort of red or yellow or colors are the places with the highest densities of slavery. In fact, that kind of bluey color are the countries where we can't find any cases of slavery. And you might notice that it's only Iceland and Greenland where we can't find any cases of enslavement around the world. We're also particularly interested in looking very carefully at places where slaves are being used to perpetrate extreme environmental destruction. In the world, slaves are used to destroy the environment, cutting down trees in the Amazon, destroying forest areas in West Africa, mining and spreading mercury around in places like Ghana and Gokongo, destroying the coastal ecosystems in South Asia. It's a pretty harrowing linkage between what's happening to our environment and what's happening to our human rights. Now how on earth did we get to a situation like this? We have 27 million people in slavery in the year 2010. That's double the number that came out of Africa in the entire transit mining slave trade. Well it builds up with these factors. They're not causal. They're actually supporting factors. One is we all know about. The population explosion, the world goes from...