 At the same time, I run a website on cool tools where it issue a daily obsession of the latest things in technology. So, I'm still perplexed about what the true meaning of technology is as it relates to humanity, as it relates to nature, as it relates to the spiritual. And I'm not even sure we know what technology is. And one definition of technology is that which is first recorded. This is the first example of the modern use of technology that I can find. It was suggested syllabus for dealing with the applied arts and science in Cambridge University in 1829. Before that, obviously technology didn't exist, but obviously it did. I like one of the definitions that Alan Kay has for technology. He says, technology is anything that was invented after you were born. So, it sums up a lot of what we're talking about. Danny Hillis actually has an update on that. He says, technology is anything that doesn't quite work yet. Which also, I think gets into a little bit of our current idea. But I was interested in another definition of technology. Something again that went back to something more fundamental. Something that was deeper. And as I struggled to understand that I came up with a way of framing the question that seemed to work for me in my investigations. And this morning, I'm going to talk about this for the first time. So this is a very rough attempt to think out loud. The question that I came up with was this question. What does technology want? And by that, I don't mean, does it want chocolate or vanilla? By what it wants, that means, what are its inherent trends and biases? What are its tendencies over time? One way to think about this is thinking about biological organisms, which we've heard a lot about. In the Richard Dawkins does, which is to say, to look at them as simply as genes, as vehicles for genes. So he's saying, what do genes want, the self is gene? And I'm applying a similar trick to say, what least we looked at the universe in our culture through the eyes of technology? What does technology want? Obviously, this is an incomplete question. This is looking at an organism as only a gene is an incomplete way of looking at it, but it's still very, very productive. So I'm attempting to say, if we take technology's view of the world, what does it want? And I think once we ask that question, we have to go back action to life. Because obviously, if we keep extending the origins of technology far back, I think we come back to life at some point. So that's where I want to begin my little exploration is in life. And like you heard from the previous speakers, we don't really know.