 work technology, it was not used until 1952. So technology was sort of absent from everybody thinking until 1952, which happened to be the year of my birth. And obviously, technology had existed before then, but we weren't aware of it. And so it was sort of awakening of this force in our life. I actually did research to find out the first use of the work technology and it was in 1829 and it was intended by a guy who was starting a curriculum, of course, came together all the kinds of arts and crafts and industry and he called it technology. And that's the very first use of the word. So what is this stuff that we're all consumed by and bothered by? Alan Kay calls it, technology is anything that was invented after you were born, which is sort of the idea that we normally have about what technology is. It's all that's new stuff. It's not roads or penicillin or factory tires. It's the new stuff. My friend Danny Hill says kind of a similar one. It's technology saying it doesn't work yet, which is again a sense that it's all new, but we know that it's just not new. It actually goes way back. And what I want to suggest is it goes wrong way back. So another way to think about technology, what it means is to imagine a world without technology. If we were to eliminate every single bit of technology, in the world today, and I mean everything from blades to scrapers to cloth, we as a species would not live very long. We would die by the billions and very quickly the wolves would get us. We would be defenseless. We would be unable to grow enough food or find enough food. Even the hunter gatherers use some elementary tools. And so they have minimal technology, but they have some technology. And if you study those hunter gatherer tribes and the Nanderthal, which are very similar to early man, we find out very curious thing about this world without technology. This is a kind of a curve of their average age. There are no Nanderthal fossils that are older than 40 years old that we've ever found. And the average age to most of these hunter gatherer tribes is 20 to 30. They're very few young infants because they die high mortality rate. And there's very few old people. So the profile of your graverage samples just go neighborhood, a lot of young people. And if you go there and say, hey, everybody's really healthy, but that's because they're all young. The same thing is with the hunter gatherer tribes and early men is that you didn't live beyond the age of 30. So it was a world without grandparents. Grandparents are very important because they are the transmitter of cultural evolution and information. Imagine a world and basically everybody was 20 to 30 years old. How much learning can you do? You can't do very much learning in your own life. So short and there's nobody to pass on what you do learn. So that's one aspect. It was a very short life. But at the same time,