 for this? Really? Is this going to matter in 50 or 100 years? Okay, that was kind of cool. But the top story of this past year was the economy, and I'm just betting that sooner or later this particular recession is going to be old news. So what kind of stories might make a difference for the future? Well, let's take science. Some day, little robots will go through our bloodstreams fixing things. That someday is already here if you're a mouse. Some recent stories. Nanobi is apt tumors with real bee venom. They're sending genes into the brain. A robot they built that can crawl through the human body. What about resources? How are we going to feed 9 billion people? We're having trouble feeding 6 billion people today. As we heard yesterday, there's over a billion people hungry. Britain will start without genetically modified crops. Bill Gates, fortunately, has bet a billion on agri research. What about global politics? The world's going to be very different when and if China sets the agenda, and they made. They've overtaken the US as the world's biggest car market. They've overtaken Germany as the largest exporter. And they've started doing DNA tests on kids to choose their careers. We're finding all kinds of ways to push back the limits of what we know. Some recent discoveries. There's an ant colony from Argentina that has now spread to every continent but anthropocryptid. There's a self-directed robot scientist that's made a discovery. Soon, science may no longer need us. And life may no longer need us either. A micro wakes up after 120,000 years. It seems that with or without us, life will go on. But my pick for the top long new story of this past year was this one. Water found on the moon. It makes it a lot easier to put a colony up there. And if NASA doesn't do it, China might or somebody in this room might write a big chat. My point is this. In the long run, some news stories are more important than others. I'm Saturday, November 5th. I'm ill walk into a midtown peace rear. You go to one slice of pepperoni pizza. Sat down in the back of the pizza area and remained there until close. At this time, the owner approached them and asked them to leave. The gentleman produced a silver handgun, took the owner at gunpoint around the counter and removed the lodge sum of money from the cashier. On the way out of the location, the manager noted that he had a tattoo on his neck. Had the word sugar written in it. Our role systems only gave us the capability to do certain queries, very limited search capabilities. It was in multiple forms, paper, separate databases.