 In the midst of the daunting challenges we face as a global community, there is something about this third way Raga that is making my heart sing. What intrigues me most is how women are doing this, despite a set of paradoxes that are both frustrating and fascinating. Why is it that women are on the one hand viciously oppressed by cultural practices, and yet at the same time are the preservers of culture in most society? Is the hijab or the headscarf a symbol of submission or resistance? When so many women and girls are beaten, raped, named on a daily basis, in the name of all kinds of causes, honor, religion, nationality, what allows women to replant trees, to rebuild society, lead radical, nonviolent movements for social change? Is it different women who are doing the preserving and the radicalizing? Or are they one and the same? Are we guilty as Jimamanda Aditi reminded us of a TED conference in Oxford of assuming that there is a single story of women's struggles for their rights, while there are in fact many. And what if anything, do men have to do with this? Much of my life has been a quest to get some answers to these questions. It's taken me across the globe and introduced me to some amazing people. In the process, I've gathered a few fragments that helped me shed some light on this puzzle. Among those who helped open my eyes to a third way are a devout Muslim in Afghanistan, a group of harmonizing lesbians in Croatia and a taboo breaker in Liberia. I'm indebted to them as I am to my parents. We for some set of misdemeanors in their last life were blessed with three daughters in this one. And for reasons equally unclear to me, seemed to be inordinately proud of the three of us. I was born and raised here in India and I learned from an early age to be deeply suspicious of the aunties and uncles who'd been down, pattas on the head and then say to my parents with no problem at all. For things, you only have three daughters, but you're young. You could still try again. My sense of outrage about women's rights was brought to a boil when I was about 11. My aunt, an incredibly articulate and brilliant woman, was widowed early. A flock of relatives descended on her. It took off her colorful saree. They made her wear a white one. She wiped her bindi off her forehead. They broke her bangles. Her daughter, Rani, a few years older than me sat in her lap bewildered, not knowing what had happened to the confident woman.