 book with his thoughts about me, he wrote about my strengths, weaknesses and gentle suggestions for improvement. Coding, coding specific incidents and held a mirror to my life. After he died I realized that no one writes to me anymore. Handwriting is a disappearing art. I am all for email in thinking while typing but why give up old habits for new? Why can't we have letter writing and email exchange in our lives? There are times when I want to trade all those years that I was too busy to sit with my dad and chat with him and trade all those years for one hug. But too late. But that's when I take out his letters and I read them. And the paper that touched his hand is in mine and I feel connected to him. So maybe we all need to leave our children with a value like a see and not a financial one. A value for things with a personal touch. An autographed book, a soul searching letter. If a fraction of this powerful terrarians could be inspired by a beautiful paper, John will be a recycle one. And write a beautiful letter to someone they love. We actually may start a revolution where our children may go to penmanship classes. So what do I plan to leave for my son? I collect autographed books and those of you authors in the audience know I hound you for them. And CDs too, Tracy. I plan to publish my own notebook. As I witness my father's body being swallowed by fire. I sat by his funeral pyre and wrote. I've no idea how I'm going to do it, but I am committed to compiling his thoughts and mine into a book and leave that published book for my son. I'd like to end with a few verses of what I wrote at my father's cremation. And those linguists please pardon the grammar because I've not looked at it in the last 10 years. I took it out for the first time to come here. Picture in a frame. Ashisana bottle. Boundless energy confined in the bottle. Horsing me to deal with reality. Horsing me to deal with being grown up. I hear you and I know that you'd want me to be strong. But right now I'm being sucked down, surrounded and suffocated by these raging emotional waters, craving to cleanse my soul, trying to emerge on a firm pudding one more time. To keep on fighting and flourishing just as you taught me. Your encouraging whispers in my role full of despair, holding me and giving me the shores of sanity.