 of the day or the old songs. Today you hear these infernal machines going night and day. We will not have a vocal chord left, as he said, the vocal chords will be eliminated by a process of evolution as was the tale of man when he came from the ape. Now this is the picture I want you to focus on. This is a picture of culture. We could describe it using modern computer terminology as a kind of read-write culture. It's a culture where people participate in the creation and the re-creation of their culture in that sense it's read-write. Su says fear was that we would lose that capacity because of these quote infernal machines. They would take it away. And in its place we'd have the opposite of read-write culture what we could call need only culture. Culture where creativity was consumed but the consumer is not a creative. A culture which is top down owned where the vocal chords of the millions have been lost. Now as you look back at the 20th century at least in what we think of as the quote developed world hard not to conclude that Su's is right. Never before in the history of human culture had it been as professionalized never before as concentrated never before as creativity of the millions been as effectively displaced and displaced because of these quote infernal machines. The 20th century was that century where at least for those places we know best culture moved from this read-write to read only existence. So second land is kind of property is property it's protected by law as Lord Blackstone described it land is protected by trespass law for most of the history of trespass law by presuming it protects the land all the way down below and to an indefinite extent upwards. That was a pretty good system for most of the history of the regulation of land until this technology came along and people began to wonder were these instruments trespassers as they flew over land without clearing the rights of the farms below as they traveled across the country. Well in 1945 Dreamgok got a chance to address that question. Two farmers Thomas Lee and Teenie Cawsbeek who raised chickens had a significant complaints because of these technologies the complaint was that their chickens followed the pattern of the airplanes and flew themselves into the walls of bar