 knowing that they no longer exist. But first, I'm going to tell you a little bit about my own journey. My background is not exactly the conventional medical education that you might expect. When I was in intern, San Francisco, I heard about a group of Native Americans who were taking over Alcatraz Island and the Native Americans who wanted to give birth on that island and no other doctor wanted to go and help her give birth. I went out to Alcatraz and I lived on the island for several weeks. She gave birth like caught the baby. I got off the island. I landed in San Francisco and all the press wanted to talk to me because my three weeks on the island made me an expert in the affairs. I wound up on every television show. Someone saw me on television. They called me up and they asked me if I'd like to be in the movie. I played a young doctor for a bunch of rock and roll starters who were traveling in a bus ride from San Francisco to England. I said yes, I would do that. So I became the doctor in an actually awful movie called Medicine Ball Caravan. You know from the 60s you either out on the bus or off the bus. I was on the bus. My wife and I, 37 years, joined our bus ride took us from San Francisco to London. We switched buses at the big pond. We then got on two more buses and we drove through Turkey and Iran, Afghanistan, over the Kyber Pass in the Pakistan. Like every other young doctor, this is us at the Kyber Pass and that's our bus. We had some difficulty getting over the Kyber Pass. But we wound up in India and then like everyone else in our generation we went to live in Himalayan monastery. It's just like a residency program for those of you that are in Madapest Goh. And we studied with a wise man, a guru named Karali Bhada, who then told me to get rid of the dress, put on a three-piece suit, go join the United Nations as a diplomat and work for the World Health Organization and he made an outrageous prediction that smallpox would be eradicated and this was God's gift to humanity because of the hard work of dedicated scientists. And that prediction came true and this little girl is Rahim Abano and she was the last case of killer smallpox in the world. And this document is the certificate that the Global Commission signed certifying the world to eradicate the first disease in history. The key to eradicating smallpox was early detection, early response. I'm going to ask you to repeat that, early detection, early response. Can you say that? Early detection, early response. Smallpox was the worst disease in history. It killed more people than all the wars in history in the last century.