 you call it bird flu, which first emerged in southern China in the mid 1990s, but we didn't know about it from 1997. At the end of last Christmas, only 13 countries had seen each five in one, but we're now up to 55 countries in the world have had this virus emerge in either birds or people or both. In the bird outbreaks, we now can see that pretty much the whole world has seen this virus except the Americas. And I'll get into why we've so far been spared in a moment. In domestic birds, especially chickens, it's 100% lethal. It's one of the most lethal things we've seen in circulation in the world in any recent centuries. And we've dealt with it by killing off lots and lots of lots of chickens and unfortunately often not reimbursing the peasant farmers whose the result that there's cover up. It's also carried on migration patterns of wild migratory aquatic birds. And there's been this centralized event in a place called Lake Ching Hai China. Two years ago, the migrating birds had a multiple event worth thousands of times because of the mutation occurring in the virus, which made the species range broaden dramatically. So the birds going to Siberia to Europe and to Africa, charade the virus, which had not previously been possible. We're now seeing outbreaks in human populations. So far, fortunately small events, tiny outbreaks of occasional clusters. The virus has mutated dramatically in the last two years to form two distinct families, if you will, of the H5N1 viral tree with branches and the different attributes that are worried. So what's concerning us? Well, first of all, at no time in history, if we succeeded in making, in a timely fashion, specific vaccine for more than 260 million people. It's not going to do us very much good in a global pandemic. You've heard about the vaccine where stockpiling, but nobody believes it will actually be particularly effective if you have a real outbreak. So one thought is, after 9-11 when the airports closed, our flu season was delayed by two weeks. So the thought is, hey, maybe what we should do is just immediately, we hear there's H5N1 spreading from human to human. The virus mutated to be a human to human transmitter. Let's shut down the airports. However, huge super computer analyses done off the likely effectiveness of this show that it won't buy us much time at all. And of course, it would be hugely disruptive in preparation plans. For example, all masks are made in China. How do you get them mobilized around the world if you shut all the airports? How do you get the vaccines moved around the world? And drugs and whatever may or may not be available that will work? So it turns out that shutting down the airports is counter-ducted. We're worried because this virus, unlike any other flu we've ever studied, can be transmitted by eating raw meat of infected animals. And so we've seen transmission to wild cats and domestic cats and now also domestic pet dogs. And in experimental feedings to rodents and ferrets, we found that the animals exhibit similar