 about the human species that I want to focus on a little bit more. And that's the fact that even though we're actually really smart, sometimes uniquely smart, we can also be incredibly, incredibly dumb when it comes to some aspects of our decision-making. Now I'm seeing lots of smirks out there. Don't worry, I'm not going to call anyone in particular out on any aspects of your own mistakes. But of course, just in the last two years, we see these unprecedented examples of human ineptitude. We've watched as the tools we uniquely make to pull the resources out of our environment kind of just blow up in our face. We've watched the financial markets that we uniquely create these markets that were supposed to be foolproof. We've watched some kind of collapse before our eyes. But both of these two embarrassing examples, I think, don't highlight what I think is most embarrassing about the mistakes that humans make. Which is that we'd like to think that the mistakes we make are really just the result of a couple bad apples or a couple really sort of fail-blog-worthy decisions. But it turns out what social scientists are actually learning is that most of us, when we put in certain contexts, will actually make very specific mistakes. The errors we make are actually predictable, we make them again and again, and they're actually immune to lots of evidence. When we get negative feedback, we still, the next time we're faced with a certain context, tend to make the same errors. And so this has been a real puzzle to me as a sort of scholar of human nature. What I'm most curious about is how is a species that's as smart as we are, capable of such bad and such consistent errors all the time. And where the smartest thing out there, why can't we figure this out? In some sense, where do our mistakes really come from? And having thought about this a little bit, I see a couple different possibilities. One possibility is in some sense it's not really our fault. Because we're a smart species, we can actually create all kinds of environments that are super super complicated, sometimes too complicated for us to even actually understand, even though we've actually created them. We create financial markets that are super complex. We create mortgage terms that we can't actually deal with. And of course, if we are put in environments where we can't deal with it, in some sense, makes sense that we actually might mess certain things up. If this was the case, we have a really easy solution to the problem of human error. We'd actually just say, okay, let's figure out the kinds of technologies we can't deal with, the kinds of environments that are bad, get rid of those, design things better, and we should be the noble species that we expect ourselves to be. But there's another possibility that I find a little bit more worrying, which is maybe it's not our environments that are messed up. Maybe it's actually us that's designed badly. This is a hint that I've gotten from watching the ways that social scientists have learned about human errors. But we see that people tend to keep making errors exactly the same way over and over again. It feels like we might almost just be built to make errors in certain ways. This is a possibility that I worry a little bit more about. Because if it's us that's messed up, it's not actually clear how we go about dealing with it. You might just have to accept the fact that we're error prone and try to design things around it. So this is the question my students and I wanted to get at. How can we tell the difference between possibility