 One of the examples of the junk that flows across the tubes in these internet here, Wikipedia reports that this guy, this former congressman from Eerie, Pennsylvania, was at the age of 21 of the youngest people at the Republican National Convention, but it's just not true. Indeed, it drives me so nuts. Let me just change this. Alright, so perfect. Okay, so... Okay, speaker, Lawrence, last thing, right? Okay. Finally, truth will be brought here. Okay, see, right? It's done. It's almost done. Here you go. Youngest Republican. Okay, we're finished. That's it. Please save this. Great. And Wikipedia is fixed. Okay, but no, this is really the size of a coin. But the thing I want you to think about when we think about conservatives, not so much this issue of the United Kingdom Convention, the thing to think about is this. They go to church. Oh, you know, I mean a lot of people go to church. I'm not talking about that only conservative is good at church. And I'm not talking about the God thing. I don't want to get into that. No, that's not my point. They go to church, five, which I mean. They do lots of things for free for each other. They hold hot luck theaters. Indeed, they sell books about hot luck dinners. They serve food to poor people. They share. They give. They give away for free. And it's the very same people leading Wall Street firms who on Sunday show up. And share. And not only food. These very same people are strong believers in lots of context in the limits on the markets. They are in many important places against markets. Indeed, they like all of us celebrate this kind of relationship. They're very keen that we don't let money drop into that relationship. Else, it turns into something like this. They want to regulate us, those conservatives, to stop us from allowing the market to spread in those places because they understand. There are places for the market and places where the market should not exist where we should be free. To enjoy the fellowship of others. They recognize both of these things have to look together. And, in fact, I'm great thinking about conservatives. They get a collusion. Right, it was the first great Republican president of the 20th century who taught us about environmental thinking. Teddy Roosevelt, they first taught us about the world.