 go away because of everything that's going to happen this week, what I'm here. So, but in any case, what I'm going to do in my little bit of time is take you on a quick tour of some of the things that we talk about and we think about. So, we think a lot about what really makes science work. The first thing that ain't but no science, and it's been around science, is that the stuff you learn in the school, it's a scientific method, it's wrong. There is no method. On the other hand, somehow we manage to reason together as a community from incomplete evidence to conclusions that we all agree about. And this is, by the way, something that a democratic society also has to do. So, how does it work? Well, my belief is that it works because scientists or a community found together by an ethics. And here is some of the ethical principles. I'm not going to read them all to you because I'm not in teacher mode. I'm an entertainer, an amazed mode. But one of the principles is that everybody who is part of the community gets to fight and argue as hard as they can for what they believe. But we're all disciplined by the understanding that the only people who are going to decide whether I'm right or somebody else is right are the people in our community in the next generation in 30 and 50 years. So, it's this combination of respect for the tradition of community we're in and rebellion that the community requires to get me where that makes science work. And being in this process of being in a community that reasons from shared evidence to conclusions, I believe, teaches us about democracy. Not only is there a relationship between the ethics of science and the ethics of being a citizen and democracy, but there has been historically a relationship between how people think about space and time and what the cosmos is and how people think about society that they live in. And I want to talk about three stages in that evolution. The first science of cosmology that was anything like science was Aristotelian science and that was hierarchical. The earth is in the center. Then there are these crystal spheres on, sit the sun, the moon, the planets and probably the celestial sphere with the stars are. And everything in this universe has a place. And Aristotle's law of motion was that everything goes to its natural place, which was of course the rule of the society that Aristotle lived in and more importantly the medieval society that through Christianity embraced Aristotle and blessed it. And the idea is that everything is defined where something is is defined with respect to this last sphere, the celestial sphere outside of which is a