 heroes, even he called the Quran as Toils and Greetings I ever wanted to of very soon continued to jump over. Part of the problem I think is that we imagine that the Quran can be there as we usually read a book. So we can curl up with it on this rainy afternoon with a bowl of popcorn within reach as the God and the Quran is entirely in the voice of God speaking to Muhammad, which is just another author on the bestseller list. Yet the fact that so few people do actually read the Quran is precisely why it's so easy to quote, that is to misquote phrases and snippets taken out of context in what I call the highlighter version, which is the one favored by both Muslim fundamentalists and anti-Muslim Islamophoops. So this past spring as I was gearing up to begin writing the biography of Muhammad, I realized I needed to read the Quran properly as properly as I could in this. My Arabic is reduced by now to be able to medictionary so I took four well-known translations and decided to read them side by side, verse by verse, along with a transliteration and the original seven century Arabic. Now I did have an advantage. My last book was about the story behind the Shia Sunni split and for that I worked closely with the earliest Islamic histories so I knew the events to which the Quran constantly refers, it's very brief. I knew enough that is to know that I'd be a tourist in the Quran, an informed one, experienced one even, but still an outsider, an agnostic Jew reading someone else's holy book. So I read slowly. I'd set aside three weeks with this project and that I think is what is meant by heavness because it turned out to be three months. I did resist the temptation to skip to the back with a shorter and more clearly mystical chapters are, but every time I thought I was beginning to get a handle on it for that feeling of I get it now. It just slipped away overnight and I'd come back in the morning wondering if I wasn't lost in a strange land. And yet the terrain is very familiar. The Quran declares that it comes to renew the message Torah and the Gospels. So one third of it reprises the story's biblical figures like Abraham, Moses, Joseph, Mary, Jesus. God himself was utterly familiar from his earlier manifestation with Yahweh.