 our cousins, our sisters, and of course the ever present media bombarding us with images and words telling us how to be. Now my mother was different. She was a homemaker but she and I didn't go out and do girly things together and she didn't buy me pink outfits. Instead she knew what I needed and she bought me a book of cartoons and I just ate it up. I drew and I drew and since I knew that humor was acceptable in my family I could draw, do what I wanted to do and not have to perform, not have to speak. I was very shy and I could still get approval. I was launched as a cartoonist. Now when we're young we don't always know. We know there are rules out there but we don't always know, you know, we don't perform them right. Even though we are imprinted at birth with these things and we're told what the most important color in the world is, we're told what shape we're supposed to be in. We're told what to wear and how to do our hair. And how to behave. Now the rules that I'm talking about are constantly being monitored by the culture or being corrected and the primary policemen are women because we are the carriers of the tradition. We pass it down in generation to generation. Not only that, we always have this vague notion that something's expected of us and on top of all of these rules they keep changing. We don't know what's going on half the time so it puts us in a very tenuous position. Now if you don't like these rules and many of us don't I know I didn't and I still don't even know I follow them half the time not quite aware that I'm following them. What better way to them to change them with humor? Humor relies on the traditions of society. It takes what we know and it twists it, it takes the the codes of behavior and the codes of dress and it makes it unexpected and that's what elicits laugh. Now what if you put together women and humor I think you can get changed because women are on the ground floor and we know the traditions so well we can bring a different voice to the table. Now I started drawing in the middle of a lot of chaos. I grew up not far from here in Washington DC during the civil rights movement, the assassinations, the watergate hearings and then the feminist movement and I think I was drawing trying to figure out what was going on and and then also my family was in chaos and I drew to try to bring my family together.