 which way you go, but I think it does matter, which way we go and what wrote we take. Because when I think about design in the near future, what I think are the most important issues, what's really crucial and vital, is that we need to revitalize the arts and sciences right now in 2002. If we describe the near future as 10, 2015 years from now, that means that what we do today is going to be critically important because in the year 2015 and the year 2025, the world our society is going to be building on the basic knowledge and abstract ideas, the discoveries that we came up with today. Just as all these wonderful things we're hearing about here at the TED conference that we take for granted in the world right now, we're really knowledge and ideas that came up in the 50s, the 60s, and the 70s. That's the substrate that we're exporting today, whether it's an internet genetic engineering laser scanners guided Mrs. Piberock, high definition television, sensing remote sensing from space in the wonderful remote sensing photos, and we've seen 3D weaving TV programs like Tracker and Enterprise CD-Reate, Right Drives, Plattscreen, Almond Ailes, Sweet Otis, or Sarah Jones. Your revolution will not be between this size, which by the way is banned by the SEC, or SCA, all of these things without question, almost without exception, are really based on ideas and abstract and creativity from years before. So we have to ask ourselves, what are we contributing to that legacy right now? And when I think about it, I'm really worried. To be quite frank, I'm concerned. I'm skeptical that we're doing very much of anything. We're in a sense failing to act in the future. We're purposely consciously being lacked, relacking behind, François Known, who is a psychiatrist in Martinique, said each generation must, out of relative obscurity, discover its mission, and fulfill our betrayer. What is our mission? What do we have to do? I think our mission is to reconcile, to reintegrate science and the arts, because right now there's a schism that exists in popular culture. You know, people have this idea that science and the arts are really separate. We think of them as separate and different things, and this idea was probably introduced centuries ago, but it's really becoming critical now. Because we're making decisions about our society every day that if we keep thinking that the arts are separate from the sciences, and we keep thinking it's cute to say, I don't understand anything about this, when I don't understand anything about the other one, then we're going to have problems. Now, no one here at TIT thinks this. All of us we already know that they're very connected, but I'm going to let you know that some folks in the outside world