 Sam stretching across the desert. Now, Sam is a magical material of beautiful contradictions. It is simple and complex. It is peaceful and violent. It is always the same, never the same, endlessly personally. One billion grains of Sam come into existence in the world each second. That's a cyclical process as rocks and mountains die, grains of Sam are born. Some of those grains may then naturally into sandstone, as the sandstone weather, new grains break free. Some of those grains may then accumulate on a massive scale into sand. In a way, the static stone mountain becomes a moving mountain of Sam. But moving mountains can be dangerous, let me try and explain why. Dry areas cover more than one third of the Earth's land, so that the summer already deserts others are being seriously degraded by the sound. Just south of the Sahara we find to say hell. The name means edge of the desert. And this is the region most closely associated with desertification. It was here in the late 60s and early 70s that major droughts brought 3 million people to become dependent upon emergency food aid with about up to 250,000 dying. This is a catastrophe waiting to happen again. And it's one that gets very little attention in our accelerated media culture. Desertification is simply too slow to reach the headlines. It's nothing like a tsunami or a Katrina, too few crying children and smash the houses. And yet, desertification is a major threat on all continents, affecting some 110 countries and about 70% of the world's agricultural drylands. It seriously threatens the livelihoods of millions of people and especially in Africa and China. And it is largely an issue that we've created for ourselves through unsustainable use of scarce resources. So we get climate change, we get droughts, increased desertification, crashing food systems, water scarcity, famine, forced migration, political instability, warfare, crisis, that's a potential scenario if we fail to take this series. But how far away is it? I went to Sokotu in Northern Nigeria to try and find out how far away it is. The June sea moved southward at a pace of around 600 meters in here. That's the Sahara eating up almost one meter a day of the Arab land, physically pushing people away from their homes. Here I am, in the second person on the left, with the elders in Gidankara, the tiny village,