 not being phased by stuff like that, took a look at her challenge and came up with a not-so-obvious solution, create a business that produced skin care products from honey. Okay, might be obvious to some of you, wasn't too big. It's the basis of growing a form of social innovation that has real potential. She hired seemingly unemployable men and women to care for the bees, harvest the honey, and make value-added products that they marketed themselves that were later sold at home with food. She combined employment experience and training with life skills they needed, like anger management and teamwork, and also had a talk to future employers about how their experiences actually demonstrated the lessons that they had learned and their eagerness to learn more, less than 4% of the folks that went through her program actually go back to jail. So these young men and women learned job readiness and life skills through beekeeping and becoming productive citizens in the process. Talk about a sweet beginning. Now I'm going to take you to Los Angeles and I know lots of people know that LA has its issues, but I'm going to talk about LA's water issues right now. They have not enough water on most days and too much to handle when it rains. Currently 20% of California's energy consumption is used to pop water into mostly Southern California. They're spending modes, loads to channel that rainwater out into the ocean when it rains and floods as well. Now Andy Lipkiss is working to help LA cut infrastructure costs associated with water management in urban heat island, linking trees, people, and technology to create a more livable city. All that green stuff actually naturally absorbs stormwater also helps cool our cities because how to think about it, you know, do you really want air conditioning or is it a cool room that you want? How you get it, you shouldn't make that much of a difference. So a few years ago, the LA county decided that they needed to spend $2.5 billion to repair the city schools. And Andy and his team discovered that they were going to spend $200 million of that dollars on asphalt to surround the schools themselves. And by presenting a really strong economic case, they convinced the LA government that replacing that asphalt with trees and other greenery that the schools themselves would save the system more on energy than they spend on horticultural infrastructure. So ultimately 20 million square feet of asphalt was replaced or avoided. An electrical consumption for air conditioning went down while employment for people to maintain that those grounds went up, resulting in net savings to the system, but also healthier students and school systems employees as well. Now Judy Bonds is a coal miner's daughter. Her family has eight generations in a town called White'sville, West Virginia. And if anyone should be cool,