 of mammals, 6 million species of insects. In fact, if we count all the individual organisms, we would come at much larger numbers. In fact, of all animals on Earth, of all animal species, 80% walks on six legs. But if we would count all the individuals, and we take an average weight of them, it would amounts to something like 202,000 kilograms for each of you and me on Earth. That means that in terms of biomass, insects are more abundant than we are. We're not on a planet of men, but we're on a panel of insects. Insects are not only there in nature, but they also are involved in our economy, usually without us knowing. It was an estimation, a conservative divestination a couple of years ago, that the U.S. economy benefited by 57 billion dollars per year. It's a number very large. A contribution to the economy of the United States for free, and so I looked up what the economy was paying for the war in Iraq in the same year. That was 80 billion U.S. dollars. Well, we know that that was not a cheap war. So insects just for free contribute to the economy of the United States with about the same order of magnitude just for free, without everyone knowing. And not only in the States, but in any country, in any economy. What do they do? They remove dung, they pollinate our crops, a third of all the fruits that we eat, are all the result of insects they can care of, reproduction of plants, they control pests, and their food for animals. They're at the start of food chains. Small animals eat insects, eating larger animals, eating insects, but the small animals that eat insects are being eaten by larger animals, still larger animals. At the end of the food chain, we are eating them as well. That's quite a lot of people that are eating insects, and here you see me in a small provincial town in China, Lijang, about two million inhabitants. If you go out for dinner, like in a fish restaurant where you can select which fish you want to eat, you can select which insects you would like to eat. And they prepare it in a wonderful way. Here you see me enjoying a meal with caterpillars, locusts, bee, guppy delicacies. And you can eat something new every day. There's more than 1,000 species of insects that are being eaten all around the globe. That's quite a bit more than just a few mammals that that were eating like a cow or a pig or a sheep. More than 1,000 species. An enormous variety. And now you may think, okay, in this provincial town in China they're doing that, but not really. Well, we've seen already that quite some of you already ate insects, maybe occasionally. But I can tell you that every one of you is eating insects without any exception.