 die at the age of 20. That wasn't in fact revolutionary politics, which Galois was famous. But a few years earlier, while still at school, he'd actually cracked one of the big mathematical problems at the time. And he wrote to the Academy of Missions in Paris trying to explain his theory. But the Academy of Missions couldn't understand anything that he wrote. This is how he wrote most of his mathematics. So the night before that duel, he realized that this possibly is his last chance to try and explain his great-great-grandfather. So he stayed up the whole night writing away, tried to explain his ideas. And if the dawn came up and he went to meet his destiny, he left his pile of papers on the table the next generation. Maybe the fact that he stayed up all night doing mathematics was the fact that he was such a bad shot that he got killed. But contained inside those documents was a new language, a language to understand when the most fundamental concepts of science, namely symmetry. Now, symmetry is almost nature's language. It helps us to understand so many different bits of the scientific world. For example, molecular structure, what crystals are possible we can understand through the mathematics of symmetry. In microbiology, you really don't want to get a symmetrical object, because they're generally rather nasty. The swine through virus at the moment is a symmetrical object, and it uses the efficiency of symmetry to be able to propagate itself so well. But on larger scale of biology, actually symmetry is very important, because it actually communicates genetic information. I've taken two pictures here, and I've made them artificially symmetrical. And if I ask you which of these you find more beautiful, you'll probably be drawn to the lower two, because it's hard to make symmetry. And if you can make yourself symmetrical, you're sending out a sign that you've got good genes, you've got a good upbringing, therefore you'll make a good mate. So symmetry is a language which can help to communicate genetic information. Symmetry can also help us to explain what's happening in the large Hadron glider in CERN, or what's not happening in the large Hadron glider in CERN, to be able to make predictions about the fundamental particles we might see there. It seems that they're all facets of some strange symmetrical shape in a higher dimensional space. And I think Galileo summed up very nicely the power of mathematics to understand the scientific world around us. He wrote, the universe cannot be read until we have learned the language and become familiar with the characters in which it is written. It is written in mathematical language, and the letters are triangles, circles, and other geometric figures, without which means it is humanly impossible to comprehend the single word. But it's not just scientists who interested in Symmetry. Artists too love to play around with Symmetry. They also have a slightly more ambiguous relationship in this. Here's Thomas Mann talking about symmetry in the magic mountain. He has a character describing the snowflake. And he says he's shuttered at its perfect position, now to deathly, very marrow of death. But what are the two?