 has actually paralleled the evolution of life on Earth, which is a particularly lovely thing to be saying right here in February 2009, which is one of our previous speakers told us is to under the anniversary of the birth of Charles Darwin. All of this I'm going to get to in the next 18 minutes I hope, but let me first begin by showing you some pictures of what this thing looks like. Just to give you an idea of scale, that installation there is about six feet across and the tallest models are about two or three feet high. This is some more images of it. That one on the right is about five feet high. The work involves hundreds of different crochet models and indeed there are now thousands and thousands of models. People have contributed all over the world as part of this. The totality of this project involves tens of thousands of hours of human labour, 99% of it done by women. On the right hand side that bit there is part of an installation that is about 12 feet long. My sister and I started this project in 2005 because in that year at least in the science press there was a lot of talk about global warming and the effect of global warming was having on coral reefs. Corals are very delicate organisms and they devastated by any rise in sea temperatures. It causes these vast bleaching events that are the first signs for corals of being sick and if the bleaching doesn't go away if the temperatures don't go down, reefs start to die. There's a great deal of this has been happening in the Great Barrier, reef particularly coral reefs all over the world. This is our invocation in crochet of a bleached reef. We have an organization together called the Institute for Figuring which is a little organization we started to promote to do projects about the aesthetic and poetic dimensions of science and mathematics and I we can put a little announcement up on our side asking for people to join us in this enterprise and two our supplies one of the first people who called was the Andy Warhol Museum and they said they were having an exhibition about our response to global warming and they'd like our coral reef to be part of it and I laughed and said well we've only just started it you can have a little bit of it. So in 2007 we had an exhibition a small exhibition of this crochet ring and then some people in Chicago came along and they said in late 2007 the theme of the Chicago Humanities Festival is global warming and we've got this 3,000 square foot gallery and we want you to fill it with your reef and I know even by this stage that I'll yes sure. Now I say naively because actually my profession is a science writer what I do is I write books about the cultural history of physics I've written books about the history of space the history of physics and religion and I write out to people like the New York Times and the LA Times so I had no idea what it meant to fill a 3,000 square foot gallery. So I said yes to this proposition and I went home and I told my sister Christine and she nearly had a fit because Christine is a professor at one of LA's major art colleges Cal Arts and she knew exactly what it meant fill a 3,000 square foot gallery and she thought I'd gone off my head.