 Six years ago, after 20 years in graphic design and typography, I changed the way I was working and the way most graphic designers work to pursue a more personal approach to my work. But only the humble attempt to simply make a living doing something that I loved. But something weird happened. I became bizarrely popular. My current work seems to resonate with people in a way that has so taken me by surprise that I still frequently wondered what in the hell is going on. And I'm slowly becoming to understand that the appeal of what I do may be connected to why I do it. These days I call myself a graphic artist. So where my work as a graphic designer was to follow strategy, my work now follows my heart and my interests with the guidance of my ego to create work that is mutually beneficial to myself and the client. Now this is heresy in the design world. The ego is not supposed to be involved in graphic design. But I find that for myself, without exception, the more I deal with the work as something of my own is something that is personal, the more successful it is as something that's compelling, interesting, and sustaining. So I exist somewhat outside of the mainstream of design thinking. Where others might look at measurable results, I tend to be interested in more ethereal qualities like, does it bring joy? Is there a sense of wonder? And does it invoke curiosity? This is a scientific diagram, by the way. I don't have time to explain it, but it has to do with DNA and RNA. So I have a particular imaginative approach to visual work. The things that interest me when I'm working are visual structure, surprise, and anything that requires figuring things out. So for this reason, I'm particularly drawn to systems and patterns. I'm going to give you a couple of examples of how my brain works. This is a piece that I did for the Guardian newspaper in the UK. They have a magazine that they call G2. And this is for their puzzle special in 2007, in puzzling it is. I started by creating a series of tiling units. And these tiling units I designed specifically so that they would contain parts of letter forms within their shapes, so that I could then join those pieces together to create letters and then words within the abstract patterning. But then as well, I was able to just flip them, rotate them, and