 And where we go from here is going to determine not only the quality and the length of our individual lives, but whether if we could see the earth the century from now we'd recognize it's a Holocaust of a different kind, and hiding under our desks isn't going to help. The star with a notion that global warming is not only real but dangerous, since every scientist in the world now believes this and even President Bush has seen the lighter pretends to, we can take this as a given. Then hear this, please. After energy production, livestock is the second highest contributor to atmosphere altering gases. Nearly one fifth of all greenhouse gas is generated by livestock production, more than transportation. Now you can make all the jokes you want about CalFarts, but methane is 20 times more poisonous than CO2, and it's not just methane. Livestock is also one of the biggest culprits in land degradation, air and water pollution, water shortages, and loss of biodiversity. There's more, like half the antibiotics in this country are not administered to people but to animals. But lists like this become kind of numb. So let me just say this. If you're progressive, if you're driving a Prius, or you're shopping green or you're looking for organic, should probably be semi-vegetarian. Now I'm no more anti-catel than I am, anti-atom, but it's all the way we use these things. There's another piece of the puzzle, which Ann Cooper talked about beautifully yesterday. Anyone you already know, there's no question, numb. That so-called lifestyle diseases, diabetes, heart disease, stroke, some cancers are diseases that are far more prevalent here than anywhere in the rest of the world. And that's the direct result of eating a western diet. Our demands for meat, dairy, and refined cargo hydrates, the world consumes one billion cans or bottles of coke a day. Our demand for these things, not our need, our want, drives us to consume way more calories than our good foods. And those calories were in foods that cause not prevent disease. Now global warming was unforeseen. We didn't know that pollution did more than cause bad visibility. Maybe a few lung diseases here and there, but you know, that's not such a big. The current health crisis, however, is a little more the work of the evil empire. We were told we were assured that the more meat and dairy and poultry we ate, the healthier we'd be. No. Overconsumption of animals, and of course junk food, is the problem, along with our poultry consumption of plants. Now there's no time to get into the benefits of eating plants here, but the evidence is that plants, and I want to make this clear, it's not the ingredients in plants, it's the plants, it's not the beta-carotene, it's the carrot. The evidence is very clear.