 And so it would have been moving images. And orgasm is a reflex of the autonomic nervous system. Now this is the part of the nervous system that deals with the things that we don't consciously control, like digestion, heart rate, and sexual arousal. And the orgasm reflex can be triggered by a surprisingly broad range of input. Genital stimulation, duh. But also, Kinsey interviewed a woman who could be brought to orgasm by having someone stroke her eyebrow. People with spinal cord injuries, like paraplegia's quadriplegia's, will often develop a very, very sensitive area, right above the level of their injury wherever that is. There's such a thing as a knee orgasm in the literature. I think the most curious one that I came across was a case report of a woman who had an orgasm every time she brushed her teeth. This was something in the complex sensory motor action of brushing her teeth was triggering orgasm. And she went to a neurologist who was fascinated. And he checked to see if it was something in the toothpaste, but no. It happened with any brand. They stimulated her gums with a toothpick to see if that was doing it. No, it was the whole motion. And the amazing thing to me is that you would think this one would have excellent oral hygiene. Sadly, this is what it said in the journal paper. She believed that she was possessed by demons and switched to mouthwash for her oral care. It's so sad. I interviewed when I was working on the book. I interviewed a woman who can think herself to orgasm. She was part of a study at Rutgers University. I love that Rutgers. And I interviewed her in Oakland and a sushi restaurant. And I said, so could you do it right here? She said, yeah, but I'd rather finish my meal if you don't mind. But afterwards, she was kind enough to demonstrate on a bench outside. It was remarkable. It took about one minute. And I said to her, are you just doing this all the time? She said, now, honestly, when I get home, I'm usually too tired. She said that the last time she had done it was on the Disneyland tram. The headquarters for orgasm along the spinal nerve is something called the sacral nerve root, which is back here. And if you stimulate the electrode, the precise spot, you will trigger an orgasm. And it is a fact that you can trigger spinal reflexes.