 on the rock and then from that point on you're basically following. Falling. So momentum is good. Don't stop. Rule number three. Have a plan. This is a climb called the naked edge in the El Dorado Canyon outside of Boulder. This primer is on the last pitch of it. It's actually right about where I fell. And there's about a thousand feet of air below them and all the hard pitches are actually below him. And so often what happens is you're planning so hard for like how do I get through the hardest part? How do I get through the hardest part? And then what happens? You get to the last pitch. It's easy and you're completely flamed out. Don't do it. You have to plan ahead to get to the top. But you also can't forget that each individual move, you have to be able to complete. This is a climb called the Dijkbrut on Puehac Dome up in the Gussonbri High Country. The interesting thing about this climb is it's not that hard, but if you're the leader on it at the hardest move, you're looking at about a hundred foot fall onto some low angle slabs. So you've got to focus. You don't want to stop in the middle like hole ridges, Kubla Khan. You've got to keep going. Rule number five. Know how to rest. It's amazing. The best climbers are the ones that in the most extreme situations can get their bodies into some position where they can rest, regroup, calm themselves, focus, and keep going. This is the climb in the needles again in California. Fear really sucks because what it means is you're not focusing on what you're doing. You're focusing on the consequences of failing at what you're doing. Because any given move should require all your concentration and thought processes to execute it effectively. One of the things in climbing is most people take it straight on and they follow the most obvious solution. This is the Devil's Tower in Wyoming, which is a Columbia basalt formation that most of you probably know from close encounters. With this, typically crack climbers would put their hands in their toes and just start climbing. The cracks are too small to get your toes into. The only way to climb is using your fingertips and the cracks and using opposing pressure and forcing yourself up. Rule number eight. Strength doesn't always equal success. In the 35 years I've been a climbing guide and taught on indoor walls and stuff like that. The most important thing I learned was guys will always try and do pull ups. Beginning guys, they thrash, they thrash, they get 15 feet up and they can do about 15 pull ups. Then they just fly now. Women are much more in balance because they don't have that idea that they're going to be able to do 100 pull ups. They think about how to get weight over their feet because it's sort of natural they care you all.