 passport which means I can travel. Yeah, because if you only have the Iranian passport, you're kind of limited to the countries you can go to with open arms, you know, Syria, Venezuela, North Korea. So anyone who's gotten their passport in America will tell you when you get your passport, it still says what country you were born in. So I remember getting my American passport. I was like, woo-woo, you're going to travel. And then I opened it up and said, born in Iran, I'm like, oh, come on, man. I'm going to go places. But what's interesting is I've never had trouble traveling in any of the western countries with my American passport, even though it says born in Iran, no problems, where I've had some problems in some of the Arab countries. Because I guess some of the Arab countries aren't getting along with Iran either. And so I was in Kuwait recently doing a comedy show with some other American comedians. They all went through and then the border patrol saw my American passport. Ah, American, great. And then you opened it up, born in Iran, wait. He started asking me a question. He said, what is your father's name? I said, well, he's passed away, but his name was Hussro. He was, what is your grandfather's name? He passed away a long time ago. His name was Jabbar. He says, you wait, I'll be back. You walked away. And I started freaking out. I don't know what kind of crap my grandfather was into. I thought the guy's going to come back to like, we've been looking for you for 200 years. Your grandfather has a parking violation. It's way over to you. You owe us two billion dollars. What as you can see when I talk, I speak with an American accent, which you would think is a American, Iranian American actor. I should be able to play any part good, bad, what have you. But a lot of times in Hollywood, when casting directors find out, you're Middle Eastern descent, they go, oh, you're Iranian, great. Can you say, I will kill you in the name of Allah. I could say that. And what if I were to say, hello, I'm your doctor. They go, great. And then you hijack the hospital. I think you're missing the point here. Don't get me wrong. I don't mind playing bad guys. I want to play a bad guy. I want to rob a bank. I want to rob a bank in a film. I want to rob a bank in a film. But do it with a gun. With a gun. Not with a bomb strapped around here. Because I imagine the director must, I think your character would rob the bank with a bomb around him. Why would I do that? If I want the money, why would I kill myself? Give me all your money, or I'll blow myself up. Well then blow yourself up. Just do it outside, please. But the fact is there's good people everywhere. That's what I try and show when my stand up. There's good people everywhere. All it takes is one person to mess it up. Like a couple months ago in Times Square, New York. It was just Pakistani.