 In my country that was the case in 1974. Seven children from family tremendous growth at 3.3%, there was just no future. We needed to reduce the poverty growth rate. So we said let's do it. The women said we agree, we'll use pills. But we needed doctors to prescribe the pills. And we had very, very few doctors. So we didn't take no, as an answer, we took no as a question. So we went to the nurses and the midwives who were also women and did a fantastic job at explaining how to use the pill. That was wonderful, but it covered only 20% of the country. What did we do for the other 80%? Leave them alone and say, well, they're not medical personnel. No, we decided to do it more. So we went to the ordinary people that you saw. Actually, we know that yellow sign. I wish they hadn't wiped that because there was Coca-Cola there. We were so much bigger than Coca-Cola in those days. And no difference. The people they chose, were the people we chose. They're well known in the community. They knew that customers were always right and they were terrific and they practiced their family planning themselves. So they could spy pills and condoms throughout the country in every village of the country. So there we are. We went to the people who were seeing as the cause of the problem to be the solution. So wherever there were people and you can see more to the women, selling things. Here's the floating market, selling bananas and crabs, and also contraceptives. Wherever you find people, you will find contraceptives in Thailand. And then we decided why not get to religion because in the Philippines, the Catholic Church was pretty strong and Thai people were Buddhist. So we went to them and they said, look, could you help us? So I'm there, the one in blue, not the yellow, holding a ball of holy water for the month to sprinkle holy water on pills and condoms for the sanctity of the family. And this picture was sent throughout the country. So some of the monks in the villages were doing the same thing themselves. And the women were saying, no, one know we have no side effect. It's been blessed. That was that perception. And then we went to teachers. You need everybody to be involved in trying to provide whatever it is that makes humanity a better place. So we went to the teachers over quarter of a million, we were told about family planning with new alphabet A, Viva verse C for condom, I via your D Viva of Sektami. And then we had a snake in Ladis game where you throw dice, you land on anything pro family planning, you move ahead. Like mother takes the fool every night. Very good mother, move ahead. Uncle Bice condom, very good aunt to move ahead. Uncle gets drunk as he used condom come back to the end. Again education plus entertainment. And third kids were doing it in school, so we had relay races, we had condoms, we had children's condoms going to temperature. And before long the condom was known as the girl's best friend. In Thailand, for poor people diamonds don't make it. So the condom is the girl's best friend. We introduce our