 startled by all the things that they don't have. But I am surprised by one thing that they do have. Coca-Cola. Coke is everywhere. In fact, when I travel the developing world, Coke feels ubiquitous. And so when I come back from these trips, and I'm thinking about development, and I'm flying home, I'm thinking, we're trying to deliver condoms to people, or vaccinations. Coke's success kind of stops and makes you wonder, how is it that they can get Coke to these far-flung places? And if they can do that, why can't governments and NGOs do the same thing? And I'm not the first person to ask this question, but I think as a community, we still have a lot to learn. It's staggering if you think about Coca-Cola. They sell 1.5 billion servings every single day. That's like every man, woman, and child on the planet having a serving of Coke every week. So why does this matter? Well, if we're gonna speed up the progress and go even faster on the set of millennium development goals that we've set as a world, we need to learn from the innovators, and those innovators come from every single sector. I feel that if we can understand what makes something like Coca-Cola ubiquitous, we can apply those lessons then for the public good. Coke success is relevant because if we can analyze it, learn from it, then we can save lives. So that's why I took a bit of time to study Coke. And I think there are really three things we can take away from Coca-Cola. They take real-time data and immediately feed it back into the product. They tap into local entrepreneurial talent and they do incredible marketing. So let's start with the data. Now, Coke has a very clear bottom line. They report to set of shareholders, they have to turn a profit. So they take the data and they use it to measure progress. They have this very continuous feedback loop. They learn something, they put it back in the product, they put it back into the market. They have a whole team called Knowledge and Insight. It's a lot like other consumer companies. So if you're running Namibia for Coca-Cola and you have 107 constituencies, you know where every canned versus bottle of Sprite, Fanta or Coke was sold, whether it was a corner store, a supermarket or a push cart. So if sales start to drop, then the person can identify the problem and address the issue. Well, let's contrast that for a minute to development. In development, the evaluation comes at the very end of the project. I've sat in a lot of those meetings. And by then, it is way too late to use the data. I had somebody from an NGO once describe it to me as bowling in the dark. They said, you know, you roll the ball, you hear some pins go down, it's dark, you can't see which one they're going to play.