 started a company with my husband. We have about 125 people internationally. If you look in the book, you saw this which I really was appalled by And because I wanted to impress you all with slides since I saw the great presentations yesterday with graph. I made a graph That moves and I talk about the makeup of me So so besides this freaky thing, this is my science slide. So this is math and this is science is genetics This is my grandmother and this is where I get this mouth So I'm a blogger which probably to a lot of you means different things You may have heard about the kryptonite lock sort of Ruhaha where a blogger talked about how you hack or break into a kryptonite lock using the ballpoint pen And the spread all over the night had to adjust adjust the lock and they had to dress it to Avoid too many customer concerns. You may have heard about rather gate Which was basically the result of bloggers realizing that the TH in 111 is not type-setted on a old typewriter. It's on word So bloggers expose this or they worked hard to explode expose this You know blogs are scary. This is what you see I see this and I'm shared scared and I swear on stage Chit list about blogs because this is not something that's friendly, but there are blogs that are Changing the way we read news and consume media and you know, these are great examples These people are reaching thousands if not millions of readers and that's incredibly important You know we have during the hurricane you have MSNBC posting about the hurricane on their blog updating it frequently This was possible because of the easy nature of blogging tools You know, you have my friend who has a blog on digital or pvr's personal recorders He makes enough money just by running ads to support his family up in Oregon That's all he does now and this is something that's blog made possible and then you have something like this Which is interclass. It's a wonderful organization of People and doctors who go to developing nations to offer plastic surgery to those who need it So children with club palettes they will get it and they document their story. This is wonderful. I am not that caring I talk about myself. That's what I am. I'm a blogger. I have Always decided that I was gonna be an expert on one thing and I am an expert on this person and so I write about it and So the short story about my blog is started in 2001. I was 23. I wasn't happy with my job Because I was a designer, but I wasn't being really stimulated. I was an English major in college I didn't have any use for it, but I missed writing So I started to write a blog and I started to create things like these little stories and this was an illustration about my kids