 rich and poor over affirmative action and same-sex marriage, lying just beneath the surface of those arguments, passions raging on all sides, our big questions of moral philosophy, big questions of justice. But we too rarely articulate and defend and argue about those big moral questions in our politics. So what I would like to do today is have something with discussion. First, let me take a famous philosopher who wrote about those questions of justice and morality, give you a very short lecture on Aristotle of ancient Athens, Aristotle's theory of justice, and then have a discussion here to see whether Aristotle's ideas actually inform the way we think and argue about questions today. So you're ready for the lecture. According to Aristotle, justice means giving people what they deserve. That's it, that's the lecture. You may say, well, that's obvious. And now if the real questions begin, when it comes to arguing about who deserves what and why. Take the example of flutes. Suppose we're distributing flutes. Who should get the best ones? Let's see what people, what would you say? Who should get the best flutes? You can just call it out. At random, you would do it by lottery or by the first person to rush into the hall to get them. Well, the best flute players, the worst flute players, how many say the best flute players? Why? Why should the best flute actually, that was Aristotle's answer, too? But here's a harder question. Why do you think those of you who voted this way that the best flute should go to the best flute players? The greatest benefit to all will hear better music if the best flute should go to the best flute players. That's Peter. All right. Well, it's a good reason. Will all be better off if good music is played rather than terrible music. But Peter Aristotle doesn't agree with you that that's the reason. That's all right. Aristotle had a different reason for saying the best flute should go to the best flute players. He said, that's what flutes are for. To be fair,