 out why is because using current thinking the scale of the problem just seems too huge to contemplate solving. So we just switch off. Us, governments and aid agencies. Well today, I'd like to show you that through thinking differently the problem has been solved. By the way, since I've been speaking another 13,000 people around the world are suffering now with diarrhea and four children have just died. I invented lights over bottle because I got angry. I like most of you were sitting down the day after Christmas in 2004 when I was watching the devastating news of the Asian tsunami as it rolled in playing out on TV. The days and weeks that followed people fleeing to the hills being forced to drink contaminated water or face death. That really stuck with me. Then a few months later, Hurricane Katrina slammed into the side of America. Okay, I thought here's a first world country. Let's see what they can do. Day one, nothing. Day two, nothing. Do you know it took five days to get water to the super dome? People were shooting each other on the streets for TV sets and water. That's when I decided I had to do something. Now I spent a lot of time in my garage over the next weeks and months and also in my kitchen, much of this may have my wife. However, after a few failed prototypes, I finally came up with this, the life-sever bottom. Okay, now for the science bit. Before life-saving, the best hand-filters were only capable of filtering down to about 200 nanometers. The smallest bacteria is about 200 nanometers. So a 200 nanometer bacteria is going to get through a 200 nanometer hole. The smallest virus on the other hand is about 25 nanometers. So that's definitely going to get through those 200 nanometer holes. Life-saving pores are 15 nanometers. So nothing's getting through. Okay, I'm going to give you a bit of a demonstration. You want to see that? I spent all the time setting this up. We're in the fine city of Oxford. So, someone put that up. Finally, the box for the... So, what I've done is I've gone and got some water from the river Chowel and the river Tems that flow through here and this is the water. But I got to thinking, you know, if we were in the middle of a flood zone in Bangladesh, the water wouldn't look like this. So, I've gone and got some stuff to add into it and this is from my pond.