 There's no real indication that there's any real thinking going on. In fact, there's little evidence that there is any cognitive ability in a very young infant. Infants don't respond a much. There's not really much of an indication in fact that there's a person on board. Okay? And there can only in a very primitive way, in a very limited way, control their movements. It will be several months before this infant to do something as simple as reshouting graph under the voluntary control of an object can retrieve it, usually to the mouth. And it will be some months beforeward. And when we see a long steady progression of the evolution from the first wiggles, to rolling over, and sitting up and crawling, standing, blocking, before we get to that magical point in which we can rotate in the world. And yet, when we look forward in the brain, we see really remarkable advance. By this age, the brain can actually store, and as stored, reported, can fastly retrieve the meanings of thousands, tens of thousands of objects, actions, and their relationships in the world. And those relationships can in fact be constructed in hundreds of thousands, potentially millions of ways. By this age, that brain controls very refined perceptual abilities, and it actually has a growing repertoire of cognitive skills. This brain is very much a thinking machine. And by this age, there's absolutely no question that this brain has a person on board. And in fact, at this age, it's substantially controlling its own self-development. And by this age, we've seen a remarkable evolution in its capacity to control movement. Now, movement is advanced to the point where it can actually control simultaneously, in a complex sequence and complex ways, as would be required for example, for playing an complicated game like soccer. Now, this boy can bounce a soccer ball on his head. And where this boy comes from, South Paula Brazil, about 40% of boys of his age have this ability. He could go out into the community in Monterey, and you'd have difficulty finding a boy that has this ability. And if he did, he'd probably be from South Paula. And that's all another way of saying that our individual skills and abilities are very much shaped by our environments. And that environment extends in hook-tart and temporary culture. The thing our brains is challenged with. Because what we've done in our personal evolutions is build up a large repertoire of specific skills and abilities, that are specific to our own individual histories. And in fact, they result in a wonderful differentiation in humankind, in a way that in fact no two of us are quite alike. Every one of us has a different set of acquired skills and abilities that all derive out of the plasticity. The adaptability of this really remarkable adaptive machine. In an adult brain, of course, he built up a large repertoire of master skills and abilities. And he can perform more or less automatically from memory. And that define us as acting and moving thinking creatures. Now, we study this.