 Virginia it's called the Quadro 2000 Douser Run. This was being sold to high school administrators for $900 a piece. It's a piece of plastic with a radio shack antenna attached to it. You can douse for all sorts of things but this particular one was built to douse for marijuana in students lockers. So the way it works is you go down the hallway and you see if it tilts toward a particular locker and then you open the locker. So it looks something like this. I'll show you. Well it has kind of a right-leaning bias. So I'll show you. Well this is science that will do a controlled experiment. It'll go this way for sure. Sir, you want to empty your pockets please sir? So the question was can it actually find marijuana on in students lockers? And the answer is if you open enough of them? Yes. But in science we have to keep track of the misses not just the hits and that's probably the key lesson that my short talk here is that this is how psychics work astrologers and tarot card readers and so on. People remember the hits they forget the misses in science. We have to keep the whole database and look to see if the number of hits is somehow stands out from the total number that you would expect by chance. In this case we tested it we had two opaque boxes one with government approved THC marijuana and one with nothing and it got it 50% of the time which is exactly what you'd expect with a coin flip model. So that's just kind of a fun little example here of the sorts of things we do. Skeptic is the quarterly publication. It's one has a particular theme like this one is on the future of intelligence are people getting smarter or dumber. I have an opinion of this myself because the business I'm in but in fact people turns out are getting smarter three three IQ points per ten years going up sort of an interesting thing. With science don't think of skepticism as a thing or even science is a thing or science and religion compatible. It's like science and plumbing compatible. There's just two different things. Science is not a thing. It's a verb. It's a way of thinking about things. It's a way of looking for natural explanations for all phenomena. I mean what's more likely that that extraterrestrial intelligences or multi-dimensional beings travel across the vast distances of interstellar space to leave a crop circle in farmer Bob's field and fucker brush cancels to promote skeptic.com or web page or is it more likely that a reader of skeptic did this with Photoshop. In all cases we have to ask what's the more likely explanation before we say something is out of this world we should first make sure that it's not in this world what's more likely that Arnold had a little extraterrestrial health and is run for the governorship or that the world weekly news makes stuff up. And part of that the same theme is expressed nicely here in the city Harris cartoon for those of you in the back it says here that a miracle occurs I think you need to be more explicit here in step two this single slide