 Like a lot of my ideas, like a lot of the tools I use, I found it in the garden, I'm a very devoted gardener. And there was a day about seven years ago, I was planting potatoes, it was the first week of May, this is New England, when the apple trees are just vibrating bloom. They're just white clouds above. I was here planting my chunks, cutting up potatoes and planting it, and the bees were working on this tree. Bumble bees just making this thing vibrate. And one of the things I really like about gardening is that it doesn't take all your concentration. You really can't get hurt, it's not like woodworking. And you can, you have plenty of mental space for speculation. And the question I asked myself that afternoon in the garden was working alongside that Bumble bee, was what did I and that Bumble bee have in common? How was our role in this garden similar and different? And I realized we actually had quite a bit in common. Both of us were disseminating the genes of one species and not another. And both of us, probably, if I can imagine the bee's point of view, thought we were calling the shots. I had decided what kind of potato I wanted to plant. I'd picked my Yukon Gold or Yellowfin or whatever it was. And I had some of those genes from a seed catalog across the country, brought it, and I was planting. And that bee, no doubt, assumed that it had decided I'm going for that apple tree, I'm going for that blossom, I'm going to get the nectar, and I'm going to leave. We have a grammar that suggests that's who we are, that we are sovereign subjects in nature, the bee as well as plant, potatoes, I weed the garden, I domesticate the species. But that day it occurred to me, what if that grammar is nothing more than a self-serving conceit? Because of course the bee thinks he's in charge, or she's in charge. But we know better, we know that what's going on between the bee and that flower is that bee has been cleverly manipulated by that flower. And when I say manipulated, I'm talking about an garwinian sense, right? I mean, it has evolved a very specific set of traits, color, scent, flavor, pattern that has lured that bee in. And the bee has been cleverly fooled into taking the nectar and also picking up some powder on its leg and going off to the next blossom. The bee is not calling the shots. And I realized then, I wasn't either. I had been seduced by that potato, not another, into planting it's spreading its genes, give me a little bit more habitat. And that's when I got the idea, which was, well, what would happen if we kind of looked at us from this point of view of these other species who were working on this? And agriculture suddenly appeared to me, not as an invention, not as a human technology, but as a co-evolutionary development.