 Let's start our journey on the forest floor of one of my study sites in Costa Rica. Because of the overhanging leaves and branches, you'll notice that the understory is very dark. It's very still. And what I'd like to do is take you up to the canopy, not by putting all of you into ropes and harnesses, but rather showing you a very short clip from a National Geographic film called Heroes of the High Frontier. This was filmed in Monteverde, Costa Rica, and I think it gives us the best impression of what it's like to climb a giant strangler fig. So what you'll see up there is that it's really like the atmosphere of an open field. And there are tremendous numbers of plants and animals that have adapted to make their way in their life in the canopy. Common groups like the Sloth Year have clear adaptations for forest canopies hanging on with their very strong claws. But I'd like to describe to you a more so kind of diversity and tell you about the ants. There are 10,000 species of ants that taxonomists, people who describe the name animals, have named. 4,000 of those ants live exclusively in the forest canopy. One of the reasons I tell you about ants is because of my husband who is in fact an ant taxonomist. And when we got married, he promised to name an ant after me, which he did. Prokrikka's was Nalini, a canopy ant. We've had two children and August Andrew and Erica and actually he named ants after them. So we made you the only family that has an ant named after each one of us. But my passion in addition to Jack and my children are the plants, the so-called epiphytes. Those plants that grow up on trees, they don't have roots that go into trunks, nor to the forest floor. But rather it is their leaves that are adapted to intercept the dissolved nutrients that come to them in the form of mist and fog. These plants occur in great diversity over 28,000 species around the world. They grow in tropical forests like this one and they also grow in temperate rainforests that we find in Washington State. These epiphytes are mainly dominated by the mosses. One thing I want to point out is that underneath these live epiphytes, as they die and decompose, they actually construct an arboreal soil, both in the temperate zone and in the tropics. And these mosses generated by decomposing mainly mosses are like heat moss in your garden. They have a tremendous capacity for