 toxic to phytoplankton, which is very bad news because so much life depends on it. So contrary to what we heard a few months back about how 75% of that oil sort of magically disappeared and we didn't have to worry about it, this disaster is still unfolding. It's still working its way up the food chain. Now this shouldn't come as a surprise to us. Rachel Carson, the godmother of modern environmentalism, warned us about this very thing back in 1962. She pointed out that the control men, as she called them, who carpet bombed towns and fields with toxic insecticides like DDT, were only trying to kill the little stuff, the insects, not the birds. But they forgot this. The fact that birds dine on grubs that Robbins eat lots of worms now saturated with DDT. And so Robin Eggs fell to hatch, songbirds died on mass, towns fell silent. That's the title, Silent Spring. I've been trying to pinpoint what keeps drawing me back to the Gulf of Mexico because I'm Canadian and I can draw no ancestral ties. I think what it is is that I don't think we have fully come to terms with the meaning of this disaster, with what it meant to witness a whole rift in our world, with what it meant to watch the contents of the earth gush forth on live TV 24 hours a day. Perments. After telling ourselves for so long that our tools and technology can control nature, suddenly we were faced to face with our weakness, with our lack of control. As the oil burst out of every attempt to contain it. Top hats, top kills, and most memorably the junk shot, the bright idea of firing old tires and golf balls down that hole in the world. But even more striking than the ferocious power emanating from that well, with the recklessness with which that power was unleashed, the carelessness, the lack of planning, the characterise the operation from drilling to cleanup. If there is one thing BP's watery improv act made clear, it is that as a culture, we have become far too willing to gamble with things that are precious and irreplaceable. And to do so without a backup plan, without an exit strategy. And BP was hardly our first experience of this in recent years. Our leaders barrel into wars, telling themselves happy stories about cake walks and welcome crates, that it is years of deadly damage control, Frankenstein's of Sieges and Surges and Counter-Insertancies, and once again, no exit strategy.