 opposed to coming to a clinic with medical concerns and walking out with descriptions for pharmaceuticals. It's a handy-dandy quote from Hippocrates of the Hippocratic Oath that says, the greater part of the sole lace outside the body, treatment Vienna requires treatment without her. But that suggests the issue that I'm trying to get out here, that we have an opportunity to redefine what is health. Because this idea that health is internal and atomized and individual pharmaceutical is largely an era. And I would use this study, a recent study by Philip Landrick and to motivate a different view of health where he went to most of the pediatricians in Manhattan and New York area and logged what they spent their patient hours on. 80 to 90% of their time was spent on five things. Number one was asthma. Number two was developmental delays. Number three was 412 re-increases in red childhood cancers in the last 8 to 10, 15 years. Number four and five were childhood obesity and diabetes related issues. So all of those, what's common about all of those? The environment is implicated, radically implicated, right? This is not the germs that Medicose were trained to deal with. This is a different definition of health. Health that has a great advantage because it's external, it's shared, we can do something about it as opposed to internal genetically predetermined or individualized. People who come to the clinic are called not patients, but in patients because they're too impatient to wait for legislative change to address local environmental health issues. And I meet them at the university. I also have a few field offices that I set up in various places that provide an immersion in some of the environmental challenges we face. I like this one from the Belgium field office where we met in a roundabout. Precisely because the roundabout I can't apply the headless social movement that informs much social transformation as opposed to the top-down control of red light traffic intersections. In this case, of course, the roundabout with that micro decisions being made to by people not being told what to do, but of course it boards greater throughput through an expense and an interesting model of social movement. Some of the things that the monitoring protocols I've developed, this is the tadpole bureaucrat protocol or keeping tabs, as you will, what they are is an addition of tadpoles that are named after local bureaucrats whose decisions affect your water quality. So an impatient concern for water quality would raise a tadpole bureaucrat in their sample of water, which they're interested. And we give them a couple of things to do that to help them do companion animal devices while they're logging and doing their email. This is a tadpole walker to take your tadpole out walking in the evening. And the interesting thing that happened because we're using tadpoles of water quality.