 been there in the 40s and 50s, 60s, had we seen this disease? Had we understood exactly what was going on with that? How might that have changed and completely transformed the nature of the way that this pandemic moved? In fact, this is not unique to HIV. The vast majority of viruses come from animals. And you can kind of think of this as a pyramid of just bubbling up of viruses from animals into human populations. But only at the very top of this pyramid did these things become completely human. Nevertheless, we spend the vast majority of our energy focused on this level of the pyramid, trying to tackle things that are already completely adapted to human beings that are going to be very, very difficult to address as we've seen in the case of HIV. So during the last 15 years, I've been working to actually study the earlier interface here. But I've labeled viral chatter, which was a term coined by my mentor, Don Burr. This is the idea that we can study the sort of pinging of these viruses into human populations. The movement of these agents over into humans and by capturing this moment, we might be able to move to a situation where we can catch them early. OK, so this is a picture. And I'm going to show you some pictures now from the field. This is a picture of a central African hunter. It's actually a fairly common picture. One of the things I want you to note from it is blood that you see a tremendous amount of blood contact. This was absolutely key for us. This is a very intimate form of connection. So if we're going to study viral chatter, we need to get to these populations who have intense contact with wild animals. And so we've been studying people like this individual. We collect blood from them, other specimens. We look at the diseases which are in the animals, as well as the humans. And ideally, this is going to allow us to catch these things early on as they're moving over into human populations. And the basic objective of this work is not to just go out once and look at these individuals but to establish thousands of individuals in these populations that we would monitor continuously on a regular basis when they were sick. We would collect specimens from them. We would actually enlist them, which we've done now, to collect specimens from animals. We give them these little pieces of filter paper when they sample from animals. They collect the blood on the filter paper. And this allows us to identify yet unknown viruses from exactly the right animals, the ones that are actually being hunted. Deep in a remote region of Cameroon, 200s stalk their prey. Their names are Patrice and Patie. They're searching for bush meat. Forrest animals, they can kill to feed their families. Patrice and Patie set out most days to go out hunting and pour us around their homes. They have a series of traps of snares that they've set up. We've catch wild pigs, snakes, monkeys, rodents, anything they can, really. Patrice and Patie have been out for hours but found nothing. The animals are simply gone. We stop for a drink of water. Then there's a rustle in the brush.