 solutions. Bill Gates is one of those smartest guys of ours that work on these problems and he also funds this work so thank you. So I'm going to briefly discuss a couple of problems that we have and a couple of problems where we've got some solutions underway. So vaccination is one of the key techniques in public health and fantastic thing but in the developing world a lot of vaccines spoil before they're administered and that's because they need to be kept cold. Almost all vaccines need to be kept refrigerator temperatures they go bad very quickly if you don't and if you're going to have a stable power grid this doesn't happen so kids die. It's not just the loss of the vaccine that matters it's the fact that those kids don't get vaccinated. This is one of the ways that vaccines are carried these are styrofoam chests these are being carried by people but they're also put in the back to pick up trucks we've got a different solution. Now one of these styrofoam chests will last for about four hours in the fight in it and we thought well that's not really good enough so we made this thing this last six months with no power absolutely zero power because it loses less than a half a lot. Now this is our second generation prototype the third generation prototype is right now in Uganda being tested. Now the reason we were able to talk with this is is two key ideas one is that this is similar to a cryogenic doer something you people with nitrogen with helium in they have incredible insulation so lots put some incredible insulation here the other idea is kind of interesting which is you can't reach inside anymore because you be open up reach inside you let the heat in the game be over so the inside of this thing actually looks like a coping scene it vends out little individual vials so simple idea which you hope is going to change the way vaccines are distributed in Africa around the world. Move on to malaria. Malaria is one of the great public health problems. Esther Duflow talked a little bit about this 250 million people a year every 43 seconds of child in Africa dies 27 will die during my talk and there's no way for us here in this country to grasp really what that means to the people involved another comment of Esther's was that we react when there's a tragedy like Haiti but that tragedy is ongoing so what do we do about it? Well there's a lot of things people have tried for many years to solve in malaria you can spray problems as environmental issues you can try to treat people and create awareness that's great except the places that have malaria really bad they don't have health businesses. A vaccine would be a terrific thing only they don't work yet people have tried for a long time