 life. Well, I was born in South Africa and my parents were imprisoned for resisting the racist regime. When they were released, we left and we went as refugees to Kenya, Tanzania, both for very young countries then, and full of hope for the future. We had an amazing childhood. Didn't have any money, but we were outdoors, most of the time. Fantastic friends, we saw wonders of the world, like Kilimanjaro, Serangeti, the older viagorge. Well, then we moved to London for high school and after that, there's nothing much to say about that, we saw the doll. But it came back to Africa at the age of 17 as a volunteer teacher, Tila Soutu, which is a tiny country surrounded at that time by a partite South Africa. Well, 80% of the men in Soutu worked in the minds of the border, in brutal conditions. Nevertheless, I, as I'm sure as a rather irritating, young white man coming into their village, I was welcomed with incredible hospitality and warmth. But the kids were the best part. Kids were amazing, extremely eager and often very bright. I'm just going to tell you one story, which got through to me. I used to try to take the kids outside as often as possible, trying to connect the academic stuff with the real world, and they weren't used to that. But I took them outside one day and I said, I want you to estimate the height of the building. And I expected them to put a ruler next to the wall, size it up with a finger, and make an estimate of the height. There was one little boy, very small for his age, his son of one of the poorest families in the village. And he wasn't doing that, he was scribbling with chalk on the pavement. And so I said, annoyed, what are you doing? I want you to write a heart of the building. He said, okay, he said, I measured the height of a brick, accounted the number of bricks, now multiplied. Well, I haven't thought of that one. And many experiences like this happened to me, another one was I met a miner. He was home on his three monthly leaves from the mines, and sitting next to him one day. And he said, you know, there's only one thing I really loved at school. And you know what it was? Shakespeare. And he recited something. And these are many similar experiences that convinced me that there are just tons of bright kids in