 in the world of entertainment. People have this belief and I share most of it that we will be using the TV screens or their equivalents for electronic books of the future. Then you think, my God, what a terrible image you get when you look at still pictures in TV. Well, it doesn't have to be terrible. And that again is a slide taken from a TV set. And it was pre-processed to be very sympathetic to the TV medium. And it actually looks beautiful. But what's happened? How did people get into this mess? Where you are now, all of a sudden, sitting in front of personal computers and video text, tele-text systems, and somewhat horrified by what you see on the screen. Well, you have to remember that TV was designed to be looked at eight times the distance of the diagonal. So you get 13 inch, 19 inch, whatever TV. And then you should multiply that by eight. And that's the distance you should sit away from the TV set. Now, all of a sudden, we put people 18 inches in front of a TV. And all the artifacts, none of the original designers expected to be seen, all of a sudden are staring you in the face, the shadow mass, the scan lines, all of that. And they can be treated very easily. You can see there are actually ways of getting rid of them. There are actually ways of just making absolutely beautiful pictures. I'm talking here a little bit about display technologies. Let me talk about how you might input information. And my favorite example is always fingers. I'm very interested in touch sensitive displays. High tech, high touch. Isn't that something you said? Well, whatever. It's certainly a very important medium for input. And a lot of people think that fingers are very low resolution, sort of stylus for inputting to a display. In fact, they're not. It's really a very, very high resolution input medium. You have to just do it twice. You have to sort of touch the screen and then rotate your finger slightly. And you can move a cursor with great accuracy. And so when you see on the market, these systems that have just a few light emitting diodes on the side and are very low resolution, it's nice that they exist because it still is better than nothing. But in some sense, Mrs. Point, then they did fingers of very, very high resolution input medium. Now, what are some of the other advantages? Well, one advantage is that you don't have to pick them up. And people don't realize how important that is. Not having to pick up your fingers to use them. When you think for a second of the mouse on Macintosh, and I will not criticize the mouse too much, when you're typing,