 a tea and graduate or undergraduate as much as you want. I will pay for an equal number of years for the Paris. I thought that was the best deal in town, so I accepted it immediately. And I decided that if I was good in art and mathematics, I'd study architecture. I was lending it too. I went and told my headmaster that at prep school and I said to him what I was doing, that I was going to go study architecture because it was art and mathematics together. He said to me something, I just went completely over my head. He said, you know, I like graysuits and I like pinstripes. But I don't like gray pinstripes. I thought what a turkey this guy is. And I went off to MIT. I studied architecture and then did in a second degree in architecture and then actually quickly realized that it wasn't architecture that really the mixing of art and science was computers. And that that really was the place to sort of bring both and enjoy the career doing that. And probably if I were to fill out gym sit-ins scale, I'd put 100% on the side of the equation where you spend time making it possible for others to be creative. And after doing this for a long time and sort of media lab passing the baton on, I thought well maybe it's time for me to do a project. Something that would be, you know, important, but also something that would take advantage of all of these privileges that one had. And in case media lab, knowing a lot of people, knowing, you know, it's people who were either executives, wealthy and also not having in my own case a career to worry about anymore. My career, I mean, I've done my career, didn't have to worry about earning money, didn't have to worry about what people thought about me. And I said, boy, let's really do something that takes advantage of all these features and thought that if we could address education by leveraging the children and bringing to the world the access to computers, that that was really the thing we should do. Never shown this picture before. I'm probably going to be sued for it. It's taken three o'clock in the morning without the permission of the company. It's about two weeks old. There they are, folks. If you look at the picture, you'll see they're stacked up on that. That's, those are conveyor belts to go around. This is one of the conveyor belts with the thing going by. Then you'll see the ones above. What happens is they burn in the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, flash memory, the software, and then test them for a few hours. You've got to have the thing moving on the assembly line. This is a constant. So they go around in this loop, which is why you see them off there. So this was great for us because it was a real, a real turning point. But it goes back. This picture was taken in 1982 just before the IBM PC was even announced. See more paper at Nye. We're bringing computer.