 doing it and then what we're doing. And at some point I'll even pass around what the $100 laptop might be like. Now I was asked by Chris to talk about some of the big issues and so I figured I'd start with three that at least drove me to do this and the first is pretty obvious. It's amazing when you meet ahead of state and you say what is your most precious natural resource they will not say children at first and then when you say children they will pretty quickly agree with you and so that isn't very hard. Everybody agrees that whatever the solutions are to the big problems they include education, sometimes can be just education and can never be without some element of education. So that's certainly part of it. The third is a little bit less obvious and that is that we all in this room learn how to walk, how to talk, not by being taught how to talk or taught how to walk, but by interacting with the world by having certain results as a consequence of being able to ask for something or being able to stand up and reach it. Whereas at about the age six who were told to stop learning that way and they're all learning from then off what happened through teaching whether it's people standing up like I'm doing now or a book or something but it was really through teaching. And one of the things in general the computers have provided to learning is that it now includes a kind of learning which is a little bit more like walking and talking the sense that a lot of it's driven by the learner himself or herself. So with those as the principles some of you may know see more paper. This is back in 1982 when we're working in Senegal because some people think that the $100 laptop just happened a year ago or two years ago or some you were struck by lightning. This actually is going back a long time and in fact back to the 60s here we're in the 80s Steve Jobs had given us some laptops. We were in Senegal. It didn't scale but it at least was bringing computers to developing countries and learning pretty quickly with these kids even though English wasn't their language Latin alphabet barely was their language but they could just swim like fish they could play these like pianos. A little bit more recently I got involved personally and sort of these are two anecdotes. One was in Cambodia in a village has no electricity no water no television no telephone but has broadband internet now. These kids their first English word is Google and they only know Skype they've never heard of Telephone. Okay they just use Skype and they go home