 And though daughter's husband, he also was a sit from his wife's exhaustion. And I was driving home one day and I get a phone call from the husband's friend calling me because he was depressed about what was happening to his friend. So here I get this call from this random guy that's having an experience that's being influenced by people at some social distance. And so I suddenly realized two very simple things. The widowhood effect was not restricted to husbands and wives. And second, it was not restricted to pairs of people. And I started to see the world in a whole new way, like pairs of people connected to each other. And then I realized that these individuals would be connected into four sums, with other pairs of people nearby. And that in fact, these people were embedded in other sorts of relationships, marriage and spousal and friendship and other sorts of ties. And that in fact, these connections were vast and that we were all embedded in this broad set of connections with each other. So I started to see the world in a completely new way and I became obsessed with this. I became obsessed with how it might be that we're embedded in these social networks and how they affect our lives. So social networks are these intricate things of beauty. And they are so elaborate and so complex and so ubiquitous in fact that one has to ask what purpose they serve. Why are we embedded in social networks? I mean, how do they form? How do they operate and how do they affect us? And so my first topic with respect to this was not death, but obesity. And I suddenly, it had become trendy to speak about the obesity epidemic. And along with my collaborator James Fowler, we began to wonder whether obesity really was epidemic and could it spread from person to person like the four people I discussed earlier. So this is a slide of some of our initial results. It's 2,200 people in the year 2000. Every dot is a person. We make the dot size proportional to people's body size. So bigger dots are bigger people. In addition, if your body size, if your BMI, your body mass index is above 30, if you're clinically obese, we also color the dots yellow. So if you look at this image right away, you might be able to see that there are clusters of obese and non obese people in the image. But the visual complexity is still very high. It's not obvious exactly what's going on. In addition, some questions are immediately raised. How much clustering is there? Is there more clustering than would be due to chance alone? How bigger are the clusters? How far do they reach? And most importantly, what causes the clusters? So we did some mathematics to study the size of these clusters. This year shows on the y-axis the increase in the probability that a person is obese, given that a social contact of theirs is obese, and on the x-axis the degrees of separation between the two people. And on the far left you see the purple line. It says that if your friends are obese, your risk of obesity is 45% higher. And the next bar over, the orange line says if your friends' friends are obese, they're over. And the next bar over, the orange line says if your friends' friends are obese, they're over. They're over.