 been studying for quite some time, what are the mathematical, social, biological, and psychological rules that govern how these networks are assembled? And what are the similar rules that govern how they operate, how they affect our lives? But recently we've been wondering whether it might be possible to take advantage of this insight, to actually find ways to improve the world, to do something better, to actually fix things, not just understand things. So one of the first things we thought we would tackle would be how we go about predicting epidemics. And the current state of the art in predicting an epidemic, if you're the CDC or some other national body, is to sit in the middle where you are and collect data from physicians and laboratories in the field that report the prevalence or the incidence of certain conditions. So so and so patients have been diagnosed with something or other patients have been diagnosed, and all these data are fed into a central repository with some delay. And if everything goes smoothly, one to two weeks from now, you'll know where the epidemic was today. And actually about a year or so ago, there was this sort of promulgation of this notion of Google flu trends with respect to the flu, where by looking at people searching behavior today, we could know where the flu, what the status of the epidemic was today, what's the prevalence of the epidemic today. But what I'd like to show you today is a means by which we might get not just rapid warning about an epidemic, but also actually early detection of an epidemic. And in fact, this idea can be used not just to predict epidemics of germs, but also to predict epidemics of all sorts of kinds. For example, anything that spreads by a form of social contagion could be understood in this way, from abstract ideas on the left like patriotism or altruism or religion to practices like dieting behavior or book purchasing or drinking or bicycle helmet other safety practices or products that people might buy purchase of electronic goods. Anything in which there's kind of an interpersonal spread, a kind of a diffusion of innovation could be understood and predicted by the mechanism I'm going to show you now. So as all of you probably know, the classic way of thinking about this is the diffusion of innovation or the adoption curve. So here on the y-axis, we have the percent of the people that are affected and on the x-axis, we have time. And at the very beginning, not many people are affected and you get this classic sigmoidal or s-shaped curve. And the reason for this shape is that at the very beginning, let's say one or two people are infected or affected by the thing and then they affect or infect two people who in turn affect four, eight, sixteen and so forth and you get the epidemic growth phase of the curve. And then eventually you saturate the population. And then you get the people that are fewer and fewer people who are still available that you might infect and then you get the plateau of the curve and you get this classic sigmoidal curve. And this holds for germs, ideas, product adoption, behaviors and the like. But things don't just diffuse in