 We can use LEDs. LEDs are smaller, they're cheaper, they're longer laughing, they're more efficient. Most importantly for this they're faster. And this speed combined with today's high performance microcontrollers allows to actually simulate in this piece over 17,000 LEDs using just 64. And the way this happens is through the phenomenon of persistence and vision. But as this ring rotates at about 1700 RPM, that's 28 times per second. The equator speed is actually about 60 miles per hour. There are four onboard microcontrollers that each time this ring rotates, it, as it passes the rear of the display, it picks up a position signal. And from that the onboard microcontrollers can extrapolate the position of the ring, it all points around the revolution and display arbitrary bitmap images and animations. But this is really just the beginning. In addition to higher resolution versions of this display, my father and I are working on a new patent pending design for a fully volumetric display using the same phenomenon. And it achieves this by rotating LEDs about two axes. So as you can see here, this is an 11 inch diameter circle board. These block represent LEDs. And so as you can see that as this disc rotates about this axis, it will create a disc of light that we can control. That's nothing new, that's a propeller clock. That's the rims that you can buy for your car. What is new is that when we rotate this disc about this axis, now this disc of light actually becomes a sphere of light. And so we can control that with microcontrollers and create a fully volumetric free-dimensional display with just 256 LEDs. Now this piece is currently in process due out in May. But what we've done is we've put together a small demo just to show the geometric cancellation of points into a sphere. Because I've got a little video to show you, but keep in mind that this is with no electronic control, and this is also with only four LEDs. So this is actually only about one and a half percent of what the final display will be in May. So take a look. And here you can see it's rotating about the vertical axis only, creating circles. And then as the other axis kicks in, those actually blur into a volume. The shutter speed of the camera actually makes it slightly less effective in this case. But this piece is due out in May. It'll be on display at the Interactive Telecommunications Spring Show in the Grinch Village, New York City. That's open to the public, definitely, and by you all to come to tennis a fantastic show. There's hundreds of student innovators with fantastic projects. This piece actually will be on display down in the Sierra Simulcast lounge in the break. So between now and the end of the show, so I'd love to talk to you all and invite you to come down and take a closer look. So the honor to be here. Thanks very much.