 to something a bit larger. This is an X-ray of a bus and the bus is full of people. It's actually the same person, it's just one skeleton. Back in the 60s, I used to teach student radiographers to take X-rays, thankfully not on you and I, but on dead people. So I still got access to one of these dead people called Freed up. She's falling apart on the floor because she's very old and fragile. But everyone on that bus is Freed up and the bus is taken with a Cardo scanning X-ray, which is the sort of machine you have on borders which checks for contraband and drops and bottoms and things. Fairly obvious what that is. So using large-scale objects does create drama because you just don't see X-rays of big things that often. Technology is moving ahead and these large-cardos can X-rays work with a digital system of getting better and better and better. Again, to make it come alive, you need somehow to add the human element. I think the reason this image worked again is because Freed is driving the bulletin. Quite a difficult breath, make a pair of men's pants look beautiful, but I think the process in itself shows how exquisite they are. Fashion. Now I'm sort of anti-fashion because I don't show the surface, I show what's within. So the fashionistas don't really like me because it doesn't matter if Kate Moss is wearing it or if I'm wearing it, it looks the same. We all look the same inside, believe me. The creases in the material and the new one season. I show the things for really what they are, what they're made of, what I feel like the layers and expose it. If it's well made, I show it, it's badly made, I show it. And I'm sure Ross and so should have this design, the design comes with it. It's not just top show. I get some strange looks when I'm going out, getting my crops here, I was funding round in the Ladies Underwear Department of a department store, almost got escorted from the premises. I live opposite a farm and this was the run of the litter, I pick it that died and what's really interesting is that if you look at the legs, you know it's that the bones haven't fused and should that pig have grown and I thought it was dead. It certainly didn't dead after I had it been out of radiation, I used anyone. But once the bones are fused together, it would have been helping me. So that's an empty puff of jacket by quite a lot of the way it's posed. Nature is my greatest inspiration and to carry on with a theme that we've already touched with is how nature is related to architecture. If you look at the roof of the even project or the British library, it's all this honeycomb structure and I'm sure those architects are inspired as I am by what surrounds us by nature. This in fact is a Victoria water lily leaf that floats on the top of the pond and I'm a really flower, I'm looking really through, I'm mentioning all seaweed have been in the tide. Now how do I do this and where do I do this and the other sort of thing? This is my new purpose built X-ray shed and the door to my X-ray room is made of lead and steel with those 1250 kilograms and it's the only exercise I get is opening and closing it. The