 It was still into his wonderful book on the origin of species published 150 years ago. Now what is so interesting and to some extent what's a bit infamous about the origin of species is there's only one line in it about human evolution. Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history. It wasn't until much longer, much later, that Darwin actually spoke and wrote about humans. Now in his years of traveling on the beagle and from listening to the accounts of explorers and naturalists he knew that skin color was one of the most important ways in which people varied. And he was somewhat interested in the pattern of skin color. He knew that darkly pigmented peoples were found close to equator, lightly pigmented peoples like himself were found closer to the poles. So what did he make of all? Well he didn't write anything about it in the origin of species, but much later in 1871 he did have something to say about it. It was quite curious. He said of all the differences between the races and men, the color of the skin is the most conspicuous and one of the best marked. And he went on to say, these differences do not coincide with corresponding differences in climate. So he traveled all around. He had seen people of different colors living in different places and yet he rejected the idea that human skin pigmentation was related to the climate. If only Darwin lived today. If only Darwin had mass. Now one of the wonderful things that NASA does is it puts up a variety of satellites that detect all sorts of interesting things about our environment. And for many decades now there have been a series of Tom's satellites that have collected data about radiation at the Earth's surface. The Tom's seven satellite data shown here show the annual average ultraviolet radiation at the Earth's surface. Now the really hot pink and red areas are those parts of the world that received the highest amounts of UV during the year. The incrementally cooler colors, blues, greens, yellows and finally rays indicate areas of much lower ultraviolet radiation. What's significant to the story of human skin pigmentation is just how much of the northern hemisphere is in these cool gray zones. This has tremendous implications for our understanding of the evolution of human skin pigmentation. And what Darwin could not appreciate or didn't perhaps want to appreciate at the time is