 deployment of power. You can deploy power in a wide range of ways. The famous one's despotism is a good one. Anarchy is a way to not deploy the power in any organized way, to do it in a radically diffused fashion. And democracy is a set of technologies which have the effect of, in principle, diffusing the power source to a large number of people and then reconsentrating it in a smaller group of people who govern and who themselves are in principle authorized to govern by virtue of what the broader, broader public has done. Now consider religion in this case Islam, which is the religion that in some direct sense can be said to be precipitating what we're about to enter. Let me say parenthetically why I think that's the case because I think it's a potentially controversial statement. I would put it in the following equation, no 9-11, no war. At the beginning of, at the beginning of the Bush administration, when President Bush now President Bush was running for President, he made a very clear that he was not interested in intervening broadly in the world. In fact, the trend was for disengagement with the rest of the world. That's why we heard about the backing away from the Kyoto Protocol, for example. After 9-11, the tables were turned and the President decided with his advisors to undertake some kind of an active intervention in the world around us. That began with Afghanistan and when Afghanistan went extremely smoothly and quickly, a decision was made through the technology of democracy. Again, notice not a perfect technology, but through the technology of democracy that this administration was going to push in the direction of another war, this time a war in Iran. Now, the reason I begin by saying no 9-11, no war, is that we have to acknowledge that Islam as interpreted, as interpreted by a very very small, extremely radical group of people, was a precipitating cause of the 9-11 attacks, the precipitating cause of the 9-11 attacks, and as a consequence, at one degree of remove, the precipitating cause of the coming war that we're about to be engaged in. And I would add that bin Laden and his followers are consciously devoted to the goal of creating a conflict between democracy or at least capitalist democracy on the one hand and the world of Islam as they see in the fine. Now, how is Islam a technology in this conceptual apparatus? Well, it's a technology for first salvation, its most basic sense. It's meant to be a mechanism for construing the universe in a way that will bring about the salvation of the individual believer. But it's also meant by the Islamists, and I use that term to mean people who believe that Islam, they follow the slogan, Islam is the answer to a wide range of questions whether social or political or personal or spiritual. Within this fear of people who have that view, and it's a large number of people in the Muslim world who disagree with bin Laden in his application, but agree that Islam is the answer. Islam represents a way of engaging the world through which one can achieve certain desirable goals. And the goals from the perspective of Muslim