 anticipate what follows from it, what are the threats, what are the possibilities, the challenges, the opportunities. I think that I've said in the past many many years ago before anybody even invented the concept of a green agenda that it wasn't about fashion, it was about survival. But what I never said and what I'm really going to make the point is that really green is cool. I mean, all the projects which have in some way been inspired by that agenda are about a celebratory lifestyle, in a way celebrating the places and the spaces which determine the quality of life. I rarely actually quote anything. So I'm going to try and find a piece of paper if I can, which somebody at the end of last year, ventured the thought about what for that individual as a kind of important observer, analyst, writer, guy called Thomas Friedman, who wrote in the Herald Tribune, about 2006, he said, I think the most important thing to happen in 2006 was that living and thinking green hit Main Street. We reached a tipping point this year where living, acting, designing, investing and manufacturing green came to be understood by a critical mass of citizens, entrepreneurs and officials as the most patriotic, capitalistic, geopolitical and competitive thing they could do. Hence, my motto, green is the new red, white and blue. And I asked myself in a way, looking back, when did that kind of awareness of the planet and its fragility first appear? And I think it was July the 20th 1969, when for the first time man could look back at planet Earth. And in a way, it was Buckminster Fuller, who coined that phrase. And before the kind of collapse of the communist system, I was privileged to make a lot of cosmonauts in space, city and other places in Russia. And interestingly as I think back, they were the first true environmentalists. They were filled with a kind of pioneering passion, fired about the problems of the Aral Sea. And at that period, it was in a way a number of things were happening. Buckminster Fuller was the kind of green guru.