 color, the complementary color. I'm saying something on your eyes and your brain saying something back. This whole idea of sharing, the whole idea of constituting reality by overlapping what I say and what you say. Think of a movie since two years now with some style pens from the science ministry in Berlin. I've been working on these films where we produce the film together. I don't necessarily think the film is so interesting. Obviously this is not interesting at all in the sense of the narrative but nevertheless what the potential is and just keep looking at what the potential is obviously is to kind of move the border of who's the author and who's the kind of receiver, who's the consumer if you want and who has the responsibility for what one sees. I think there is a socializing dimension in kind of moving that border. Who decides what reality is? This is the tape model in London. It's shown that it was in a sense about that. It was about a space in which I put half a semi-circle of a yellow disc, I put a mirror in the ceiling and some fog, some haze. The whole idea of obviously was to make this space tangible. With such a big space the problem is obviously there is a kind of discrepancy between what your body can sort of embrace and what this space in that sense is. Here I had a hope that I would insert some natural elements if you want some fog. I could make this space tangible and what happened is that people they start to see them self in this space. Look at this, look at the girl, of course they have to look through a bloody camera in a museum, right? That's how museums are working today. But look at her face there as she's checking out, looking at herself in the mirror. Oh, there was my foot there. She wasn't really sure whether she was seeing herself or not. And I guess in that whole idea how do we configure the relationship between our body and the space? How do we then reconfigure? How do we know that being in a space makes a difference? See that when I said in the beginning it's about why rather than how the whyment really, what consequences does it have when I take a step? Does it matter? Does it matter if I am in the world or not? Does it matter whether the kind of actions I take filters into a sense of responsibility? Is art about that? And I would say yes. It is obviously about not just decorating the world and making it look even better or even worse if you ask me. It's obviously about also taking responsibility that I get here when throwing some green dye in the river in LA Stockholm, Norway and Tokyo. Among other places the green dye is not environmentally dangerous but it obviously looks really rather frightening and it's on one side on the other side also I think quite beautiful as it somehow shows the turbulence in these kind of downtown areas in these different places of the world. The green river as a kind of activist not a part of an exhibition idea was really about showing