 among my patients. A few months ago I got a phone call from a nursing home where I work. They told me that one of their residents, an old lady in her 90s, was seeing things and they wondered if she'd gone bonkers or if she was an old lady, whether she'd had a stroke or whether she had Alzheimer's and so they asked me if I would come and see Rosalie, the old lady. I went in to see her. It was evident straight away that she was perfectly sane and lucid and of good intelligence, but she'd been very startled and very bewildered because she'd been seeing things and she told me the nurse has hadn't mentioned this that she was blind, that she had been completely blind from that kind of generation for five years, but now for the last few days she'd been seeing things, so I said what sort of things and she said, people in eastern dress, in drapes, walking up and down stairs, a man who turns towards me and smiles, but he has huge teeth on one side of his mouth. Animals too. I see a white building, it's snowing, a soft snow, I see this horse with a harness, dragging the snow away. Then one night the scene changes, I see cats and dogs walking towards me, they come to a certain point and then stop. Then it changes the game. I see a lot of children, they're walking up and down stairs, they wear bright colors, rose and blue like eastern dress. Sometimes she said before the people come on, she may hallucinate pink and blue squares on the floor, which seem to go up to the ceiling. So I said, is this like a dream? She said no, it's not like a dream, it's like a moving. She said it's got color, it's got motion, but it's completely silent, like a silent movie. She said it's a rather boring movie. She said all these people with eastern dress walking up and down, very repetitive, very limited. And she had a sense of humour, she knew it was a hallucination, but she was frightened. She'd lived 95 years and she'd never had a hallucination before. She said that the hallucinations were unrelated to anything she was thinking or feeling or doing, that they seemed to come around by themselves or disappear. She had no control over them. She said she didn't recognise any of the people or places in hallucinations and none of the people or the animals. Well, they all seem oblivious of her.