 And there are two things that are primary in a politician's heart. One is reputation and influence. These are the primary tools by which a politician can do his job. The second one, unlike most animals, which is survival of the species, this is preservation of self. Now you may think it's money, but that's actually sort of a proxy to what I can do to preserve myself. Now, the challenge with you moving your issue forward is these animals are getting broadcast to all the time. So what doesn't work in terms of getting your issue to be important? You can send them an email. Well, unfortunately, I've got so many Viagra ads coming at me. Your email is lost. It doesn't matter. It's spam. How about you get on the phone? While chances are I've got a droid who's picking up a phone, yes, they called and they said they didn't like it. That doesn't move. Face to face would work, but it's hard to set it up. It's hard to get the context and actually get the communication to work. Yes, contributions actually do make a difference. And they said a context for having a conversation, but it takes some time to build up. So what actually works? And the answer is rather strange. It's a letter. We live in a digital world, but we're fairly analog creatures. Letters actually work. Even the top dog himself takes time every day to read 10 letters that are picked up by staff. I can tell you that every official that I've ever worked with will tell you about the letters they get and what they mean. So how are you going to write your letter? First of all, you're going to pick up an analog device, a pen. I know these are tough and you may have a hard time getting your hand bent around it. But this is actually critical and it is critical that you actually hand write your letter. It is so novel to see this that somebody actually picked up an analog device and has written to me. Second of all, I'm going to recommend that you get into a proactive stance and write to your elected officials at least once a month. Here's my promise to you. If you are consistent and do this within three months, the elected officials will start calling you when that issue comes up and says, what do you think? Now I'm going to give you a four paragraph format to work with. Now when you approach these animals, you need to understand there's a dangerous end to them. And you also need to approach them with some level of respect and a little bit of awareness. So in paragraph number one, what I'm going to tell you to do is very simply this. Do you appreciate them? You may not appreciate the person. You may not appreciate anything else. But maybe you appreciate the fact that they've got a tough gig. When animals are going to make a point, they make the point. They don't spend a lot of time dicking around. So here you go. Paragraph number two, you may actually have to just get very blunt and say what's really on your mind. When you do this, don't attack people. You attack tactics. And how often an attack will get you nowhere. Paragraph number three, when animals are attacked or cornered they