 the role that the media plays in focusing just on the negative stuff. Now, why is that a problem? Typical disaster story, disease, corruption, poverty. And some of you might be standing here thinking saying, okay, you know, or your Harvard educated and all you privileged people come here saying forget the poor people, let's focus on business and the markets and whatever. And they're all there's the 80% of Africans who really need help. And I want to tell you that this is my story, okay? And it's the story of many of the Africans who are here. Start with poverty. I didn't grow up in the slums or anything that died. But I know what it is to grow up without having money or having being able to support family. Even though talking about bell weather, signs, the bell weather for whether a family was broke or not was breathless. You know, when things were good, we had eggs and sausages, things were bad, we had porridge. And like many African families, my parents could never save because they supported siblings, cousins, you know, their parents. And things were always dicey. Now, when I was born, they realized they had a pretty smart kid. And they didn't want me to go to the neighborhood school, which is free. And they adopted a very interesting education, approach to education, which is they're going to take me to a school that they can barely afford. So they took me to a private Catholic elementary school, which set the foundation for what ended up in my career. And what happened was because they could afford it sometimes, sometimes not. I got kicked out pretty much every term. You know, and it's someone that someone who come into the list of the people who haven't paid school fees and when they started getting pretty strict, you had to leave until your school fees got paid. And I remember thinking, I mean, why don't these guys just take me to a cheap school? Because you know, as a kid, you know, you're embarrassed and you're, you know, you're sensitive and everyone knows you guys don't have money. But they kept at it and, you know, and I now understand why we did what they did. You talk about corruption. I, you know, in Kenya, we had a, we have an entrance exam going to high school. And these national schools, you just like the best schools and provincial schools. My dream school at that time was Kenya High School, National School. I missed the cut off by one point. And I was so disbanded and I was like, oh my god, you know, what am I going to do? And I prefer to say, okay, listen, let's go and try and talk to the headmistress. And it's just one point. I mean, maybe she'll let you in. There's lots still there. So we went to the school. And because we were nobody's. And because we didn't have privilege,