 and the world of technology. Technology always comes into play when design is involved, but science does a little less. But designers are great at taking big revolutions that happen and transforming them so that we can use them. And this is what this exhibition looks at. If you think about your life today, you go every day through many different scales, many different changes of rhythm and pace. You work over different time zones, you talk to very different people, you multitask, we all know it and we do it kind of automatically. Some of the minds in this audience are super elastic, others are a little slower, others have a little bit few stretch marks, but nonetheless this is a quite exceptional audience from that viewpoint. Other people are not as elastic. I can't get my father in need to work on the internet, it doesn't want for high-speed internet at home. And that's because there's some little bit of fear, a little bit of resistance, so just clogged mechanisms. So designers work on this particular malaise that we have, this kind of discomforts that we have and try to make life easier for us. And elasticity of mind is something that we really need. We really need, we really cherish and we really work on. And this exhibition is about the work of designers that help us be more elastic and also of designers that really work on the celasticism of the team. And one last thing is that it's not only designers, but it's also scientists. And before I launch into the display of some of these slides and into the preview, I would like to point out this beautiful detail about scientists and design. You can say that the relationship between science and design goes back centuries. You can of course talk about the Navidad Vincin, many other Renaissance men and women and there's a gigantic history behind it. But according to a really great science historian, you might know Peter Galison, he teaches at Harvard, what nanotechnology in particular and quantum physics have brought to designers is this renewed interest, this real passion for design. So basically the idea of being able to build things bottom up, atom by atom has made them all into ten terms. And all of a sudden, scientists are seeking designers, just like designers are seeking scientists. It's a brand new love affair that we're trying to cultivate at MoMA together with Adam Bly, who is the founder of Seed Magazine that's now a multimedia company. You might know it. We found it about a year ago, monthly salon between designers and scientists. And it's quite beautiful and key has come and so Jonathan has come with many others. And it was great because at the beginning was this a college first, you know, scientists with tell designers, you know, I don't know what style is, not really elegant. And designers would like, oh, I don't know how to do equation, I don't understand what you're saying. And then all of a sudden, they really started talking each other's language and now we're already at the point that they collaborate with