 I decided to really embrace this passion. And I basically lived my life in a sort of a trance, and I look around, and everything I see is just the beginning of a long story. Just to give you an example, this is the exhibition humble masterpieces as it was at Mo' Mein 2004. We were in Queens, we were building the big, big, big building in Midtown, so we were in the small, small, small, boom docks. There was one of the funnest moments of my career, but it's not only that, the typeface. The typeface is Helvetica, it's 50th anniversary this year, and so I start thinking, max meeting and all those Swiss designers together trying to outdo accidents, protest and come up with a new san serif typeface. And the movie starts playing in my head already. And of course you can imagine, with humble masterpieces, it was the same thing multiplied by 100. And I do hope, by the way, that the real goal of the exhibition is gonna have the same effect on you, the exhibition was meant to be a way to have children think of doing, you know when they do homeworks at home, instead of having a tray with two peas, I was hoping that they would go into the kitchen cabinet or the mother's handbag and do their museum quality design collection on a tray. So everybody's always suggesting new humble masterpieces, and at Mo' Mein we put out some books, just for people to suggest their own humble masterpieces. And when you do that, usually you get 80% porn and 20% real suggestions. And instead it was almost all good suggestions. And a lot of nationalism came in, for instance, I didn't know that the Spaniards invented the mock, but they were very proud. So every Spaniard said La Pregola and Italian did the pizza. And I wanted to show you also the suggestions from Kentucky are pretty good. They had moonshine, laundry detergents and liquid nails. And I keep it going and I just got, I just got also this suggestion from Milan. It's our traffic divider, which we call Panettoni. And it's painted. It's this beautiful, concrete things that you use around Milan to define all the lanes of traffic. So think of your own, send them on if you want to. They're always welcome. But an exhibition like that made me understand, even more, what I've been thinking out for 13 years ever since I got to Moma. Amitalia in Italy design is normal. You know, different parts of the world have a knack for different things. I was just recently in Argentina in Uruguay. And the default way of building homes in the country is a beautiful modernism that you don't see elsewhere, but the contemporary art was terrible. In Italy, in Milan, especially contemporary art, really doesn't have that much of a place, but design. Oh my God, what you find at the store at the corner without going to any kind of fancy store is the kind of refined design that makes everybody think that we are all so sophisticated. It's just what you find at the store. And New York has a very unique design.