 often violent. Now here at TED, we're solving some of the great riddles of science and mysteries of the universe. Well, here's a fundamental problem we have not solved. Our basic political geography. How do we distribute ourselves around the world? Now this is important because border conflicts justify so much of the world's military industrial complex. Border conflicts can derail so much of the progress that we hope to achieve here. So I think we need a deeper understanding of how people, money, power, religion, culture, technology interact to change the map of the world. And we can try to anticipate those changes and shape them in a more constructive direction. So we're going to look at some maps of the past, the present, and some maps you haven't seen in order to get a sense of where things are going. Let's start with the world of 1945. 1945, there were just 100 countries in the world. World War II Europe was devastated, but still held large overseas on the French-West Africa, British East Africa, South Asia. And so then over the late 40s, 50s, 60s, 70s, and 80s waves of decolonization took place. Over 50 new countries were born. You'll see that Africa has been fragmented. India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Southeast Asian nations created. Then came the end of the Cold War. The end of the Cold War and the disintegration of the Soviet Union. You had the creation of new states in Eastern Europe, the former Yugoslav republics in the Balkans, and the stands of Central Asia. Today, we have 200 countries in the world. The entire planet is covered by sovereign independent nation states. Does that mean that someone's gain has to be someone else's loss? Let's zoom in on one of the most strategic areas of the world, Eastern Eurasia. As you can see on this map, Russia is still the largest country in the world, and as you know, China is the most popular, and they share a lengthy land work. What you don't see on this map is that most of Russia's 150 million people are concentrated in its western provinces and areas that are close to Europe, and only 30 million people are in its eastern areas. In fact, the world-bank predicts that Russia's population is declining towards about 120 million people. And there's another thing that you don't see on this map. Stalin, Khrushchev, and other Soviet leaders forced Russians out to the far east to be in Hulog's, labor camps, nuclear cities, whatever the case was. But as oil prices rose, Russian governments had invested in infrastructure to unite the country east and west. But nothing is more perversely impacted Russia's demographic distribution, because the people in the east, who never wanted to be there anyway, have gotten on those trains and roads and gone back to the west. And as a result, in the Russian Far East today, which is twice the size of India, you have exactly 6 million Russians. So let's get a sense of what's happening in this part of the world.