 me, the planets, the stars, the galaxies, the ordinary matter makes up only a few percent of the content of the universe. Almost a quarter, or approximately a quarter, of the matter in the universe is stuff that's invisible. By invisible, I mean it doesn't absorb in the electromagnetic spectrum, it doesn't emit in the electromagnetic spectrum, it doesn't reflect, it doesn't interact with the electromagnetic spectrum, which is what we use to detect things, doesn't interact at all. So how do we know it's there? We know it's there by its gravitational effects. In fact, this dark matter dominates the gravitational effects in the universe on a large scale, and I'll be telling you about the evidence for that. What about the rest of the pie? The rest of the pie is a very mysterious substance called dark energy, more about that later. So for now, let's turn to the evidence for dark matter. In these galaxies, especially in a spiral galaxy like this, most of the mass of the stars is concentrated in the middle of the galaxy. This huge mass of all these stars keeps stars in circular orbits in the galaxy. So we have these stars going around in circles like this. As you can imagine, even if you know no physics, there should be intuitive, okay? That stars that are closer to the mass in the middle will be rotating at a higher speed than those that are far further out here, okay? So what we would expect is that if you measured the orbital speed of the stars that they should be slower on the edges than on the inside. In other words, if we measured speed as a function of distance, this is the only time you're going to show a graph, okay? We would expect that it goes down as the distance increases from the center of the galaxy. When those measurements are made, instead what we find is that the speed is basically constant as a function of distance. If it's constant, that means that the stars out here are feeling the gravitational effects of matter that we do not see. In fact, this galaxy and every other galaxy appears to be embedded in a cloud of this invisible dark matter. And this cloud of matter is much more spherical than the galaxy themselves. And it extends over much wider range than the galaxy. So we see the galaxy and fixate on that, but it's actually a cloud of dark matter that's dominating the structure and the dynamics of this galaxy. Galaxies themselves are not strewn randomly in space. They tend to cluster. And this is an example of a very actually famous cluster, the coma cluster. And there are thousands of galaxies in this cluster. They're the quite fuzzy elliptical things here. So these galaxy clusters, we take a snapshot now, we take a snapshot in a decade, it'll look identical. But these galaxies are actually moving at extremely high speeds. They're moving around in this gravitational potential well of this cluster. So all these galaxies are moving. We can measure the speeds of these galaxies, the orbital velocities, and figure out how much mass is in this cluster. And again, what we find is that there is much more mass there than can be accounted for by the galaxy.