 It's really not a very friendly field for evolutionary biologists. You actually see a great potential, but you see a lot of people who are sort of depending their turf and may actually be very resistant to try to, resistance when one tries to introduce ideas. So all of the talk today is going to deal with two general questions. One is that why are some disease organisms more harmful and a very closely related question, which is how can we take control of this situation once we understand the answer to the first question? I think the harmful organisms are mild. And I'm going to be talking to begin with, as I said, about diurel disease organisms and the focus when I'm talking about the diurel organisms as well as the focus when I'm talking about any organisms that cause acute infectious disease is to think about the problem from a germ's point of view, germ's eye view, and in particular to think about a fundamental idea, which I think makes sense of a tremendous amount of variation in the harmfulness of disease organisms. And that idea is that from the germs, eye point of view, disease organisms have to get from one host to another, and often they have to rely on the well-being of the host to move them to another host, but not always. Sometimes you get disease organisms that don't rely on host mobility at all for transmission. And when you have that, then evolutionary spirit tells us that natural selection favors the more exploitative, more predator-like organisms. So natural selection will favor organisms that are more likely to cause damage. If instead transmission to another host requires host mobility, then we expect that the winners of the competition will be the milder organisms. So if the pathogen doesn't need the host, be healthy and active. An natural selection favors pathogens that take advantage of those hosts, the winners in the competition are those that exploit the host for their own, reproductive success, and if the host needs to be mobile in order to transport the pathogens, then it's the benign ones that are to tend to be the winners. So I'm going to begin by applying this idea to diural diseases, diural disease organisms get transmitted in basically three ways. They can be transmitted in person-person contact, person to food, then the person contact when somebody eats contaminated food, or they can be transmitted through the water. And when they're transmitted through the water, unlike the first two modes of transmission, these pathogens don't rely on a healthy host for transmission. First, you'll be sick and bad and still in fact, tens, even hundreds of other individuals. Just sort of illustrate that. This diagram emphasizes that if you've got a sick person in bad, somebody is going to be taking out the contaminated materials. They're going to wash those contaminated materials. And then the water may move into sources of drinking water. People will come into those places where you've got contaminated drinking water, bring things back to the family, may drink right at that point. The whole point is that a person who can't move and still infect many other individuals. And so the theory tells us that when diural disease organisms are transported by water, we expect them to be more predator-like.