 Even before that impact was known, even before scientists in general came to an agreement over the theory of evolution. Scientists and natural historians of all kinds of scribes actually had divided Earth's life's history into these two episodes, Messes O'Eck, the Middle Life, and the San Osloic Resempli. As it turns out, it actually corresponds really nicely with geologic history. So we have a Messes O'Eck period, an age of fragmentation, and a San Osloic period, an age of reconnection, South America, and North America, India to Asia. So my work really is trying to understand the character of that Messes O'Eck radiation compared to the San Osloic radiation. See what mysteries we can understand from dinosaurs and from other animals about what life on drifting continents really can tell us about evolution. The work immediately begs the question, oh, why didn't they go into the waters? And certainly mammals did this one example even while it's side to many other examples in 5, 10 million years of the bull-light impact. We had a whole variety of animals going into the water. Why didn't they do that? Why didn't they hang around in trees at good size? And why didn't they burrow? Why didn't they do all these things? And if they didn't do all these things, what kinds of animals were in those spaces? And if there were no animals in those spaces, what does that tell us about how evolution works on land? Really interesting questions. I think a lot of it has to do with body size. In fact, I think that most of it has to do with body size. Size you are when you inherit a vacant eco-space, whatever natural disaster. Looking at dinosaur evolution, studying it, digging it up for many years, I end up looking at the mammal radiation. It seems as though everything is quick time, just like technology advancing by an order of magnitude, dinosaur evolution proceeded in a stately pace in order of magnitude slower on any way you want to measure it. You want to measure it by diversity. You want to measure it by the time it took to reach maximum body size. Yes, they do have larger body size than many of them are smaller, but we were interested in the time it took them to achieve that 50 million years to achieve this maximum body size. And that is 10 times longer than it took mammals to achieve maximum body size and invade all those habitats. So there is lessons to learn. There's lessons to learn from the exception. The exception that we know very well today from the discoveries we've made and many other scholars have made around the world. This slide was shown before this is the famous Jurassic Bird or the Optrix. We now know this transition. There's the one time that dinosaurs actually went below that body size we're going to see where they began in a minute. And it is the one time they rapidly invaded all the habitats. I just told you that dinosaurs weren't in. It became marine. Now, none of them today. From the ice caps, there's burrowing birds. They habit the trees of all body sizes. And of course, they have a cool. So we were the first to actually name a bird from the famous series that later exploded