 So, so now the thing is that this is a different kind of spell. This is a computer program made of zeros and ones. It can be pronounced on a computer. It does something like this. The important thing is we can write it in a high level language. A computer magician can write this thing. It can be compiled into this, into zeros and ones and pronounced by a computer. And that's what makes computer style. For these high level languages, it can be compiled. And so, I'm here to tell you you don't need a computer to actually have a spell. In fact, what you can do at the molecular level is that if you encode information, you encode a spell or program as molecules, then physics can actually directly interpret that information and run a program. That's what happens in proteins. When this amino acid sequence gets pronounced as atoms, these little letters are sticky for each other. It collapses into a three-dimensional shape that turns it into a nano machine that actually cuts DNA. And the interesting thing is that if you change the sequence, you change the three-dimensional folding, you get now a DNA stapler instead. These are the kind of molecular programs that we want to be able to write. But the problem is we don't know the machine language of proteins. We don't have a compiler for proteins. So I've joined a growing band of people that try to make molecular spells using DNA. We use DNA because it's cheaper. It's easier to handle. It's something that we understand really well. We understand it so well. In fact, that we think we can actually write programming languages for DNA and have molecular compilers. So then we think we can do that. In my first question doing this, or one of my questions doing this was, how can you make an arbitrary shape or pattern out of DNA? And I use a type of DNA or a gummy where you take a long strand of DNA and fold it into whatever shape or pattern you might want. So here's a shape. I actually spent about a year in my home, in my underwear coding, like Linus in that picture before. And this program takes a shape, spits out 250 DNA sequences. These short DNA sequences are going to fold a long strand into this shape that we want to make. We send an email with these sequences in it to a company. And what it does is it pronounces, the company pronounces them on a DNA synthesizer. It's a machine about the size of a photocopier. And what happens is they take your email and every letter in your email, they replace a 30 atom cluster. One for each letter, A, T, C, and G and DNA. They string them up in the right sequence. And then they send them back to via FedEx. So you get 250 of these in the mail, little tubes. I mix them together, add a little bit of salt water. And then add this long strand I was telling you about that I've stolen from a virus. And then what happens is you heat this thing up to about boiling, you cool it down, to room temperature. And as you do, what happens is those short strands, they do the following thing. Each one of them binds that long strand in one place and then has a second half that binds that long strand in a distant place and brings those two parts of the long strand close together so that they stick together. And so the net effect of all 250 of these strands is to pull the thing into the shape, pull the long strand into the shape that you're looking for. It'll approximate that shape. So we do this for real in the test tube. In each little drop of water you get 50 billion of these guys. You can look with a microscope and see them on a surface. And the neat thing is that if you change the sequence and change the spell, you just change the sequence of those staples.