 the politics that matters. So the first thing to prioritize these politics try and build a political settlement for it. And then the second step is to say the situation is admittedly dangerous but only for a short time. So peacekeepers there but get them home as soon as possible. So short-row for free. And thirdly, what's the exit strategy for the peacekeepers? It's an election that will produce a legitimate and accountable government. So that's the conventional approach. I think that approach denies reality. We see that there is no quick fix. There's certainly no quick security fix. I try to look at the risks of reversion to conflict during that post-complete decade and the risks stay high throughout the day. And they stay high regardless of the political innovations. It does an election produce an accountable and legitimate government. What an election produces is winner and a loser. And the loser is unwritten. The reality is that we need to reverse the sequence. It's not the politics first. It's actually the politics last. The politics becomes easier as the decade progresses if you're building on a foundation of security and economic development. The rebuilding of prosperity. Why does the politics get easier? Why is it so difficult initially? Because after years of stagnation and decline, the mentality politics is that it's a zero-sum game. If the reality is stagnation, I can only go up if you go down. And that doesn't produce a productive politics. And so the mentality has to shift from zero-sum to positive sun before you can get a productive politics. You can only get positive that mental shift if the reality is that prosperity is being built and in order to build prosperity, we need security in place. So that's what you get when you face reality. But the objective of facing reality is to change. And so now let me suggest two complementary approaches to changing realities. The first is to recognize the interdependence of three key actors who are different actors and at the moment are uncoordinated. The first actor is the security. The security council typically has the responsibility.