 At the end of my first year in school in the summer of that year, I discovered a couple hummingbirds that were caught in a shed near my home. They'd warn themselves out, beating themselves against the window, and it was very easy to capture. I took them outside and I let them go. That split second. Even though they're very tired, that second I let them go, they hovered for a second, then zipped off into the distance. I thought, well, great way to get to school. For a kid that day, this was like infinite speed disappearing. And I was very inspired by that. And so the next six decades, believe it or not, I built a number of aircraft with a goal of creating something that could do for you or me what the hummingbird does to give you that flexibility. I've called this vehicle, generically a helicopter after the Latin word, volant, meaning to fly in a light, and it will matter. The Latin word, like helicopter, perhaps. The FAA, the controlling body above all is, calls it a power-knift aircraft. And they've actually issued a pilot's license, a power-knift pilot's license for this type of aircraft. It's closer than you think. It's kind of remarkable when you consider that there are no operation power-knift aircraft. So for once, perhaps the government doesn't have it, so. The press calls my particular, the Lanter, a Skycoff. This is a little bit earlier version of it, so it's given the ex designation, but it's a four-past-beard craft that could take up or it could be like a helicopter, therefore a dusting in an airfield. On the ground, it's powered electrically. It's actually classified as a motorcycle because of the three wheels, which is a great asset because it allows you theoretically to use this on the highways in most states and actually in all cities. So that's an asset because if you've got a deal with the crash protection issues, how the automobile forget it, you're never going to fly it. One could say that a helicopter does pretty much what the Hummingbird does and gets around in most of the same way, and it's true, but a helicopter is a very complex device. It's expensive, so expensive that very few people could only use it. It's often been described because of its fragile nature and its complexity. It has a series of parts, a large number of parts flying in formation. Another difference, and I have to describe this because it's very personal. Another great difference between a helicopter and the Volanter, in my case, the Skycar Volanter is the experience that I've had in flying Volta those. In a helicopter, you feel, and it's still a remarkable sensation. You feel like you're being hauled up from above by a vibrating crane. When you get in this guy,