 This is a three-year-old orphan girl who had taparacts. So the caretakers, compared to the village medicine man, and instead of suggesting to the caretakers, that the girl would be taken to a hospital, the person decides to burn her abdomen with red hot iron bars to drive out the demons. The second piece of bad news will be delivered to you by neuroscientists who will tell you that if you are older than four or five years of age, then even if you have your eye corrected, the chances of your brain learning how to see are very, very slim. Again, slim on that. So when I heard these two things, it troubled me deeply, both because of personal reasons and scientific. So let me first start with the personal reasons. It will sound corny, but it's sincere. That's my scent, Darius. As a new father, I have a qualitatively different sense of just how delicate babies are, what are obligations towards them, and how much love we can feel towards a child. I would move heaven and earth in order to get treatment for Darius. And for me to be told that they might be other Darius'es who are not getting treatment, that's just viscerally wrong. So that's the personal reason, scientific reason, is that this notion from neuroscience of critical periods, that if the brain is older than four or five years of age, it loses its ability to learn that doesn't sit well with me, because I don't think that idea has been tested adequately. The birth of the idea is from David Hubell and Crosstin-Viselsberg to researchers who were at Harvard, and they got the Nobel Prize in 1981, or the study of the physiology, which are remarkably beautiful studies. I believe some of their work has been extrapolated into the human domain prematurely, but they did their work with kittens with different kinds of deprivation regimens, and those studies which date back to the 60s are now being applied, which we can show you. So I felt that I needed to be content. One, provide care to children who are currently being deprived of treatment, that's the humanitarian mission, and the scientific mission would be to test the limits of visual plasticity, and these two missions, as you can tell, fit together perfectly, one adds to the other, in fact one would be impossible without a doubt. So to implement these two missions a few years ago, I launched Project Prakash. Prakash, as many you can know, is the Sanskrit word for light.