 and put it together to come up with a method that would help to take whole grain breads and let's face it, everyone's trying to move towards whole grains. We finally, after 40 years of knowing that whole grain was a healthier option, we're finally getting to the point where we actually are chipping over and attempting to actually eat them. The challenge, though, for a whole grain vapor is, you know, how do you make it taste good? Because whole grain, it's easy with white flour to make a good tasting bread. White flour is sweet. It's mainly starch and starch when you break it down with a starch. It's, thank you, sugar, yes. So a baker and a good baker knows how to pull or draw forth the inherent sugar trapped in the starch. With whole grain, we have other obstacles. You've got bran, which is that probably the healthy is part of the bread for us and the fiber for us because it is just loaded with fiber. If the brand is, is fiber, it's got germ. Those are the good things. Those aren't the tastiest parts of the week. So I hope bring breads historically have had sort of this onus of being health food breads and people don't like to eat quote, healthy. They like to eat healthy and healthy, but when we think of something as a health food, we think of it as something we eat out of obligation, not out of passion. Love for the flavor. And ultimately, the challenge of the baker, the challenge of every culinary student of every chef is to deliver flavor. Flavor is king flavor rules. I call it the flavor rule flavor rules. And, and you can get somebody to eat something that's good for them once, but they won't eat it again if they don't like it. Right. So this is the challenge for this bread. We're going to try this at lunch and, and I'll explain a little bit more about it, but it's made not only with two types of pre-dose, this attempt again at bringing out flavors to make a piece of dough the day before that is not leavened. It's just dough that is wet. It's it's hydrated dough. We call it a soaker that helps to start enzyme activity and enzymes are the secret kind of ingredient in dough that brings out flavor. It starts to release the sugars trapped in the starch. That's what enzymes are doing. And so if you can release some of those, they become accessible to us in our palate. They become accessible to the yeast as food. They become accessible to the oven for caramelization to give us a beautiful crust. The other pre dough that we make is fermented, a pre-fermin. And it's made. It can be a sourdough starter or what we call a bega or any other kind of pre-fermented dough with a little yeast in it. And that starts to develop flavor also. And on day two, we put those two pieces together. That's the epoxy. And we're hoping that sort of the the the enzyme piece of dough becomes the fuel pack or the 11 piece of dough. And when we put them together and at the final ingredients, we can create a bread that does evoke the full potential of flavor trapped in the grain. That's the challenge. Okay. So now what we in the journey of wheat, let's go back and look at these 12 stages. When go through them very quickly and then revisit them.