 my space internet PC and it's just arranged these from what's important to you and what's not and then tell me why. Let's listen to what happens when they get to the portion of the discussion on television. Well I think it's important but like not necessary because you can do a lot of other stuff with you three times and watch programs. Which is more fun internet or TV. I think the reason one reason people put computer before TV is because nowadays we have TV shows on the computer and they can download onto our iPod. Would you like to be the president of the TV network? I would be so stressful. No. Because they're going to lose all their money eventually. Like the stock market it goes up and down and stuff. I think right now the computers will be at the top and everything will be going down and stuff. There's been an uneasy relationship between the TV business and the tech business really ever since they both turned about 30. We go through periods of enthroement followed by reactions and boardrooms in the finance community best characterized as what's the finance term. Let me give you an example of this. The year is 1976 and Warner buys Atari because video games are on the rise. The next year they march forward and introduce Q. The first interactive cable TV system and the New York Times heralds this as telecommunications moving to the home. Convergence great things are happening. Everybody in these coast gets in the picture city or penny RC. All getting into this big vision. By the way this is about when I enter the picture I'm going to do a summer internship that I'm warned that summer I'm all I've warned that summer from all excited to work in convergence and then the bottom falls out. Doesn't work out too well for them they lose money and I had a happy flush with convergence until how to warner basically has to liquidate the whole thing. That's when I leave graduate school and I can't work in New York on entertainment and technology because I have to be exiled California where the remaining jobs are almost to the sea to go to work for Apple computer. Warner of course writes off more than $400 million. $400 million which is real money back in the 70s. They were on to something and they got better at it. By the year 2000 the process was perfected. They merged with AOL and in just four years managed to shed about $200 billion of market capitalization showing that they'd actually mastered the art of applying Moore's law of success of miniaturization to their balance sheet. Now I think that one reason that the media and the entertainment communities or the media community has driven so crazy by the tech community is that tech folks talk differently. You know 50 years we've talked about changing the world about