 clicks and listen for echoes from the sea floor in order to orient. They can listen for echoes from prey in order to decide where food is and decide which one they want to eat. All marine mammals, you sound for communication to stay in touch. So the large, baling whales will produce long, beautiful songs which are used in reproductive advertising and for males and females both to find one another and to select the mate. And mother and young and closely bonded animals use calls to stay in touch with one another. So sound is really critical for their lives. The first thing that got me interested in the sounds of these underwater animals whose world was so far into me was evidence from captive dolphins that captive dolphins could imitate human sounds. And I mentioned I'll use some visual representations of sound. Here's the first example. This is a plot of frequency against time, sort of like musical notation where the higher notes are a higher and lower notes are lower and time goes this way. This is a picture of a trainer's whistle. A whistle a trainer will blow to tell a dolphin to stun the right thing and come get a fish. It sounds sort of like, like that. And this is a calf and captivity, making imitation of that trainer's whistle. Now if you humbless tune to your dog or cat and if I'm that back to you, you ought to be pretty surprised. Very few non-human mammals can imitate sounds. It's really important for our music and our language. So it's a puzzle. Why do other, a few other mammal groups that do this? Why do they do it? In a lot of my careers, I've been devoted to trying to understand how these animals use learning, use the ability to change what you say based on what you hear in their own communication systems. So let's start with calls of non-human primate. Many mammals have to produce contact calls, would say a mother and calf are apart. This is an example of a call produced by squirrel monkeys when they're isolated from another one. And you can see there's not much variability in these calls. By contrast, the signature whistle which dolphins use to stay in touch, each individual here has a radically different call. They can use this ability to learn calls in order to develop more complicated and more distinctive calls to identify individuals. How about the setting in which animals need to use this call? Let's look at mothers and calves in normal life from mother and calf dolphin. They'll often drift apart or swim apart. They mom is chasing fish. And when they separate, they have to get back together again. This figure shows is the percentage of the separations in which dolphins whistle against the maximum distance. So when dolphins are separating by less than 20 meters, less than half the time they need to use whistles. Most of the time they can just find each other just by swimming around. But all of the time when they separate by more than 100 meters, they need to use these individually distinctive whistles to come back together. Most of these distinctive signature whistles are quite stereotyped and stable through the life of a dolphin. But there are some exceptions. Would a male dolphin