 flirtation of imminent children in the area of climate change in all the areas in which we really need a capacity to reintroduce the primacy of politics into the economy which is operating in a in a worldwide arena and I think corruption and the fight against corruption and the impact of corruption is probably one of the most interesting ways to illustrate what I mean with this failure of governments. Let me talk about my own experience. I used to work as a director of the World Bank Office in Nairobi for East Africa. At that time I noticed that corruption, that grand corruption, that systematic corruption was undermining everything we were trying to do. And therefore I began to not only try to protect the world bank, our own projects, our own programs against corruption, but in general I thought we need a system to protect the people in this part of the world from the ravages of corruption. And as soon as I started this work, I received a memorandum from the World Bank, from the legal department first, which they said you are not allowed to do this. You are meddling in the internal affairs of our partner countries. This is forbidden by the charter of the World Bank, so I want you to stop doing this. In the meantime I was sharing donor meetings for instance, in which the various donors, many of them like to be in Nairobi. It is true, it is one of the unsafe cities of the world, but they like to be there because the other cities are endless, comfortable. And in these donor meetings I noticed that many of the worst projects actually were put forward by our clients, by the governments, by promoters, many often representing the suppliers from the North, that the worst projects were realized first. Let me give you an example, a huge power project, $300 million to be built, smack into one of the most vulnerable, one of the most beautiful areas of Western Kenya. And we all noticed immediately that this project had no economic benefits. It had no clients, nobody would buy the electricity there, nobody was interested in irrigation projects. To the contrary, you know that this project would destroy the destroy that very forest, which were the basis for the survival of nomadic groups, the samburu, and the Tokana in this area. So everybody knew this is a