 weightless flight. You take an airplane, you fly over the top, you're weightless for 25 seconds, come back down, you weigh twice as much, you do it again and again, you can get 8-10 minutes of weightlessness. How NASA's trained their astronauts for so long. We set out to do this for this 11-year, it's become operational. And we announced that we're going to fly Steven Hawking, we had one government agency and one company, aircraft officer, you're crazy, don't do that, you're going to kill the guy. And he wanted to go, we worked hard to get all the permissions and six months later, we set down at Kennedy Space Center, we had a press conference, we announced our intent to do one zero-g problem, getting 25 seconds of zero-g. And if it went really well, we might do three problems. Well, we asked him why he wanted to go up and do this and what he said for me was very moving, he said, life on earth is an ever increasing risk of being wiped out by disaster. I think the human race doesn't have a future if it doesn't go into space, I therefore want to encourage public interest in space. We took him out to the Kennedy Space Center, up inside the massive vehicle, into the back of the zero-g airplane. We had about 20 people who made donations, raised 150,000 donations for children's charities, who flew with us a few testers here. We set up a whole ER, we had four emergency room doctors and two nurses onboard the airplane, we were monitoring his PO2, his blood, his heart rate, his blood pressure, we had everything all set in case of an emergency. God knows you want to hurt this world's renowned expert. We took off from the shuttle landing facility with the shuttle, with the shuttle takes off in lands and my partner, Byron Lichtenberg and I carefully suspended him into zero-g. Once he was there, let him go to experience what weightless this was truly like. And after that first parabola, you know, the doc said, everything is great, he was smiling and we said go. So we did a second parabola. And a third. Now we actually floated an apple in homage to Sir Isaac Newton because Prince of Hocken holds the same chair at Cambridge that Isaac Newton did. And we did a force and a fifth and a sixth and a seventh and a eighth and this man does not look like a 65-year-old wheelchair-bound man. He was so happy. We are living on a precious jewel and it's during our lifetime that we're moving off this planet. Please join us in a separate adventure. Thank you so much.