 It's the National Palace, the equivalent of the White House. This is the largest supermarket in the Caribbean at peak shopping time. This is in nurses' college. There are 300 nurses studying. The General Hospital right next door emerged largely on Skate. This is the Ministry of Economics, Finance. We have all heard about the tremendous human loss in the earthquake in Haiti. But we haven't heard enough about why all those lives were lost. We haven't heard about why the buildings failed. After all, use the buildings, not the earthquake, that killed 220,000 people, that injured 330,000, that displaced 1.3 million people, that cut off food and water and supplies from an entire nation. This is the largest metropolitan area disaster in decades. And it was not a natural disaster. It was a disaster of engineering. AIDG has worked in Haiti since 2007, providing engineering and business support to small businesses. And after the quake, we started bringing in earthquake engineers to figure out why the buildings collapsed to examine what was safe and what wasn't. Working with Minister, which is a UN mission in Haiti, with the Ministry of Public Works with different NGOs, we inspected over 1,500 buildings. We inspected schools and private residences. We inspected medical centers and huge warehouses. We inspected government buildings. This is the Ministry of Justice. Behind that door is the National Judicial Archives. The fellow in the door, Andre Philotrao, who is the director of the Center for Interdisciplinary earthquake engineering research. The University of Buffalo was examining it to see if it was safe to recover the archives. Andre told me, after seeing these buildings fail again and again in the same way, that there is no new research here. There is nothing here that we don't know. The failure points for the same. Walls and slabs not tied properly into columns. That's a roof slab hanging off the building. Cantilevered structures, structures that were asymmetric that shook violently and came down.