 I felt dirty, I felt betrayed, I felt ashamed. But mainly, mainly I felt powerless. And 30 years later, I was sitting in an airplane next to a lady called Veronica, came from Chile. And we were on a human rights tour. And she was starting to tell me what it was like to be tortured. And from my very privileged position, this was the only reference point that I had. And it was an amazing learning experience because for me, human rights have been something which I had, you know, a part-time interest, but mainly something that happened to other people over there. But I got a phone call from Pono in 1985. And as you know, he's a great singer. But he's a magnificent hustler. And very hard guy to say no to. And he was saying, you know, except I've done a Biko song, we're going to do a tour for Amnesty, you have to be on it. And really, that was the first time that I'd been out and started meeting people who watched their family that would be shot in front of them. We had a partner through an airplane into a nation. And suddenly, this world of human rights arrived in my world and I couldn't really walk away in quite the same way before. And so I got involved with this tool, which was for Amnesty and then in 88. I took over Bono's job trying to learn how to hustle and do it as well, but we managed to get new sand doors, the Tracy Chatman, and Bruce Springsteen to go around the world for Amnesty. And it was an amazing experience. And once again, I got an extraordinary education and it was the first time really that I'd met a lot of these people in the different countries and these human rights stories became very physical. And again, I couldn't really walk away quite so comfortably. But the thing that really amazed me that I had no idea was that you could suffer in this way and then have your whole experience, your story, denied, buried, and forgotten. And it seemed that whenever there was a camera around or a video or film camera, it was a great deal harder to do for those in power to bury the story. And Reebok set up a foundation after these human rights snag tours and there was a decision then, or we made the proposal for a couple of years about trying to set up a division that was going to give cameras to human rights activists. It didn't really get anywhere. And then the Rodney King incident happened and people thought,