 I did. One bite at him, don't abandon Eve. I don't know guys. I don't want to get in trouble. Okay, one bite. What the hell? Life is temptation. It's all about yielding, resisting. Yes, no, now, later. Impulsive, reflective, present, focus, and future focus. Promise virtues fall prey to the passions of the moment. A teenage girl who pledged sexual absence, a genuine full marriage, thank you George Bush. The majority, 60% yielded sexual temptations within one year. And most of them did so without using birth entry. So much for promises. Now let's tempt four-year-olds, giving them a treat. They can have one marshmallow now, but if they wait, until the experiment comes back, they can have two. Of course it pays to be like marshmallows. Wait. What happens is two-thirds of the kids give in temptation. They cannot wait. The others, of course, wait. They resist temptation. They delay the now, the later. Walter Michelle, my colleague at Stanford, went back 14 years later to try to discover what was different about those kids. There were enormous differences between kids who resisted and kids who yielded in many ways. The kids who resisted scored 250 points high on the SAT. That's enormous. That's like a whole set of different IQ points. They didn't get as much trouble. They were better students, they were self-confident determined. And the key for me today, the key for you, is that they were future focused rather than present focus. So what is time perspective? That's what I'm going to talk about today. Time perspective is the study of how individuals, all of us, divide the flow of your human experience into time cells, and the time categories. And you do it automatically and unconsciously. They vary between cultures, between nations, between individuals, you social class, you education levels. And the problem is they become biased because you learn to overuse some of them and underuse the others. What determines any decision you make? You make a decision on which you're going to base an action. For some people, it's only about what's in the immediate situation, the immediate stimulation with other people doing what you're feeling. And those people, when they make their decisions in that format, we're going to call them present oriented because their focus is what is now. For others, the presence is evolving. It's always about what is the situation like that I've experienced in the past, so that the decisions are based on past memories. And we're going to call those people past oriented because they focus on what was. For others, it's not the past, not the present, it's only about the future. Their focus is always about anticipated consequences, course benefit analysis. And we're going to call them future oriented. Their focus is on what will be. So time paradox, I want to argue. Paradox of time perspective is something that influences every decision you make totally on the whereabouts. Namely, the extent to which you have one of these bias time perspectives. Well, there are actually six of them. There's two ways to be present oriented, two ways to be past oriented, two ways to be future. You can focus on past positive.