 So I'm very interested from beginning that how, how can our knowledge about everyday objects and the gestures and how we use this object can be leveraged to our interests and with the digital world. Rather than using a keyboard and mouse, why can I not use my computer in the same way that I interact in the physical world? So I started this exploration around 8 years back and it literally start with a mouse on my desk. So then using that computer, I actually opened it and most of you might be aware that in those days the mouse used to come with a ball inside and there are two rollers that actually guides the computer that where the ball is moving and accordingly where the mouse is moving. So I was interested in these two rollers and I actually wanted more so I borrowed another mouse from a friend and they were written here and I have now four rollers. But interestingly I did with this rollers is basically I took them off from this mouse and then put in a one line. It had some strings and pulleys and some spring and what I got is basically a gesture into this device that actually acts as a motion sensing device made of how to put $2. So here whatever movement I do in my physical world is actually replicated inside the digital world just using this small device that I made around 8 years back in 1000. Because I was interested in integrating this two world, I thought of stickin nodes. I thought why can I not connect the normal interface of physical stickin nodes to a digital world? A message written on a stickin node with my mom on a paper can come to my nestiness or maybe a meeting reminds automatically things with my digital calendar and a tutorial is automatically things with you. But you can also search in the digital world or maybe you can write a query saying what is Dr. Smith's address and this small system actually prints out so it actually acts as a paper input output system just made out of paper. In one another exploration I thought of making a pen that can draw in three diamonds. So I implement this pen that can help designers and architect not only think in three diamonds but they can actually draw so that it's more intuitive to use that way. Then I thought why not making a Google map but physical world other than typing a keyword to find something I put my objects on top of that. If I put a boarding pass it will show me where is your flight gate? A coffee cup will show you where you can find more coffee or where you can press that cup. So this was some of the earlier exploration inside did because the goal was to connect this two world simulation. So all these experiments there was one thing very common. I was trying to bring a part of the physical world to the digital world. I was taking some part of the objects or anything intuitiveness of the real life and bringing them to digital world.