 And we need to remember that we're talking about the Model T-Fords, the right flyers compared to what's coming soon. That's where we're out right now. One of the people that I recently met with was an Air Force 3 star general. And he said, basically, where we're headed very soon is tens of thousands of robots operating in our office. And these numbers matter because we're not just talking about tens of thousands of today's robots, but tens of thousands of these prototypes and tomorrow's robots. Because of course, one of the things that's operating in technology is Moore's law that should impact in more and more computing power into those robots. And so flash forward around 25 years, if Moore's law holds true, those robots will be close to a billion times more powerful in their computing than today. And so what that means is the kind of things that we used to only talk about. Its science fiction conventions like Comic Con have to be talked about in the halls of power in places like the Pentagon. A robot's revolution is upon us. Now, I need to be clear here. I'm not talking about a revolution where you have to worry about the governor of California showing up at your door or all of the terminator. When historians look at this gear, they're going to conclude that we're at a different type of revolution, a revolution in war. Like the invention of the atomic bomb, but it may be even bigger than that because our unmanned systems don't just affect the how of war fighting. They affect the who of fighting at its most fundamental level that is every previous revolution in war, be it the machine gun, be it the atomic bomb, was about a system that either shot faster, went further, had a bigger boom. That's certainly the case with robotics, but they also changed the experience of the warrior and even the very identity of the warrior. Another way of putting this is that mankind's 5,000 year old monopoly on the fighting of war is breaking down in our very lifetime. I spent the last several years going around meeting with all the players in this field from the robot scientist to the science fiction authors who inspired them to the 19 year old drone pilots who were fighting from Nevada. The four star generals who command them to even the Iraqi insurgents who they are targeting and what they think about our systems. And what I found interesting is not just their stories, but how their experiences point to these ripple effects that are going outwards in our society, in our law, in our ethics, etc. And so what I'd like to do with my remaining time is basically flesh out a couple of these. So the first is that the future of war, even a robotics one, is not going to be purely an American one. The US is currently ahead in military robotics right now, but we know that in technology, there's no such thing as a permanent first mover advantage. You know, quick show of hands. How many people in this room still use Wang computers? It's the same thing in war. The British and the French invented the tank. The Germans figured out how to use it right. So what we have to think about.