 of our quotidian experience of time and to start to consider a deeper time scale. I selected 2000 years as my minimum age because I wanted to start at what we consider to be year zero and work backwards from there. What you're looking at now is a tree called Jomon Suuki living on the remote island of Nakashima. The tree was in part a catalyst for the project. I'd been traveling in Japan without an agenda other than to photograph and then I heard about this tree as 2,180 years old and knew that I had to go visit it. It wasn't all later when I was actually back home in New York that I got the idea for the project so it was the slow churn if you will. I think it was my longstanding desire to bring together my interest in art science and philosophy that allowed me to be ready when the proverbial light ball went on. So I started researching and to my surprise this project had never been done before in the arts for the sciences and perhaps now legally I was surprised to find that there isn't even an area in the sciences that deals with this idea of global species longevity. So what you're looking at here is the rhizocarpidgeocrapica or maplekin and this is around 3000 years old and lives in Greenland which is a long way to go of course in Leicons. Visiting Greenland was more like traveling back in time than just traveling very far north. It was more primal and more remote than anything I'd ever experienced before and this was heightened by a couple of particular experiences. One was when I had been dropped off by boat on a remote fjord only to find that the archaeologist I was supposed to meet when nowhere to be found and it's not like you could send them a text or shoot them an email so it was literally left to my own devices but luckily it worked out obviously but it was a humbling experience feels so disconnected and then a few days later we have the opportunity to go fishing in a glacial stream near our campsite where the fish were so abundant that you could literally reach into the stream and grab out a foot long trout with your bare hands. It was like visiting a more innocent time in the planet and then of course there's the Leicons. These Leicons grow only one centimeter every hundred years to get really put human life spans into a different perspective and what you're looking at here is an aerial photo taken over eastern Oregon and if the title searching for Armolaria death rings sounds ominous it is the Armolaria is actually a predatory fungus filling certain species of trees in the forest it's also more benignly known as the honey mushroom or the humongous fungus because it happens to be one of the world's largest organisms as well so with the help of some biologists studying the fungus I got some maps and some GPS coordinates and chartered a plane and I started