 CBD series 24, season six to be precise. I think it was brought for us around three years ago for Christmas present. Now, my husband, Chris and I love this show. But let's face it, when you watched it once, they were your twice, you don't really wanna watch it again, just you know how to get out, you're gonna get the terrace. So there it sits on our shelves, obviously to us, but with immediate late in planning to someone else. Now, before we go on, I have a confession to make. I lived in New York for 10 years, and I am a big fan of Sex and the City. Now, I'd love to watch the first movie again, a sort of a warm up to the sequel coming out next week. So how easily could I swap how I wanted copy of 24 for a wanted copy of Sex and the City? Now, you may have noticed, there's a new set to emerging called Swap Trading. Now, the easiest analogy for Swap Trading is like an all-in-date in service for all your unwanted media. What it does is use the internet to create an infinite marketplace to match person-aids halves with person-sees once, whatever they may be. The other week, I went on one of these sites and properly called Swap Trading, and there were over 59,300 items that I could instantly swap from my copy of 24. Lowering the whole, there in risk, Rester, California was wanderer, who wanted to swap his or her like new copy of Sex and the City for my copy of 24. So in other words, what's happening here is that Swap Tree solves my carrying company Sugar Rush problem, a problem the economist called the coincidence of once in approximately 60 seconds, was even more amazing is that it'll print out personally on the spot because it knows the way to the item. Now, there are layers of technical wonder behind such sites such as Swap Tree, but that's not my interest and nor is Swap Trading per se. My passion and what I've spent the last few years dedicated to researching are the collaborative behaviors and trust mechanics inherent in these systems. When you think about it, it would have seemed like a very easy idea even a few years ago that I would swap my stuff with a total stranger whose real name I didn't know and without any money changing hats, at 99% of trades of Swap Tree happened successfully and the one percent received negative rating, it's the very relatively minor reasons like the item you arrive on time. So what's happening here? An extremely powerful dynamic that has huge commercial inculting in patients as a play. Mainly, the technology is enabling trust between strangers. We now live in a global village where we can mimic the types that used to happen face to face on a scale in a ways that have never been possible before. So what's happening?