 world. Barthi seeks to liberate this everyday cliche as she calls it by exploding it into something spectacular. She also creates life-sized fiberglass sculptures often of animals, which she then completely covers in bindi's, often with potent symbolism. She says she first got started with 10 packets of bindi's and then wondered what she could do with 10,000. Our next artist, Bala Subramaniam, really stands in the crossroads of sculpture, painting, and installation, working wonders with fiberglass. Since Bala himself will be speaking of that, I won't spend too much time on him here today except to say that he really succeeds at making the invisible visible. Brooklyn-based Chitra Ganesh is known for her digital collages using Indian comic books called Amar Chitra Katta's as her primary source material. These comics are a fundamental way that children, especially in the diaspora, learn their religious and mythological book tales. I for one was steeped in these. Chitra basically remixes and retitles these iconic images to tease out some of the sexual and gender politics embedded in these deeply influential comics, and she uses this vocabulary in her installation work as well. Jipish Khaled successfully practices across photography, sculpture, painting, and installation. As you can see, he's heavily influenced by graffiti and street art and his home city of Mumbai is an ever-present element in his work. He really captures that sense of density and energy which really characterizes modern urban Bombay. He also creates pentasmagoric sculptures made of bones from cast resin. Here he envisions the carcass of an auto-rich shot he once witnessed burning in a riot. This next artist, Anastasia, actually has a studio right here in Mysore. He's putting a contemporary spin on the miniature tradition he creates these fine delicate images which he then repeats on a massive scale. He uses scale to more and more spectacular fact whether on the roof of a temple in Singapore or it is increasingly ambitious installation work here with 192 functioning selling machines fabricating the flags of every member of the United Nations. Mumbai based through Vietcharya builds on her love of comic books and street art to comment on the role as an expertations of modern Indian women. She too mines rich source material of Amar Chita Rakaapas been in very different way than Chitra Ganesh. In this particular work she actually strips out the images and leaves the actual text to reveal something previously unseen and provocative. Rakeep Shah is Colk of the Born Kashmir