 In 1973, 36 years ago, to produce carpet tiles in America for the business and institution markets and shepherding it through startup and survival to prosperity and global dominance in its field, I read Paul Hawkins' book, The Ecology of Commerce, the summer of 1994. In his book, Paul charges business and industry as one, the major culprit in causing the decline of the vowsphere and to the only institution that is large enough and pervasive enough and powerful enough to really lead humankind out of this mist. And by the way, he convicted me as a plunder of the earth. And I then challenged people in the face of my company to lead our company in the Italian industrial world, the sustainability which we defined as eventually operating up petroleum intensive company in such a way as to take from the earth only what can be renewed by the earth naturally and rapidly, not another fresh drop of oil and to do no harm to the vowsphere. Take nothing, do no harm. I simply said if Hawkins is right in business and industry, the fleet, who will lead business and industry unless somebody leads nobody will, it's axiomatic, why not us? And thanks to the people of interface, I have become a recovering plunderer. I once told a fortune magazine writer that someday people like me would go to jail and that became the headliner of a fortune article that went on to describe me as America's Green CEO. From plunderer to recovering plunderer to America's Greenest CEO in five years, that frankly was a pretty sad commentary on American CEOs in 1999. As later in the Canadian documentary of the corporation, what I meant by the go to jail remark, I offered that self to the crime and theft of our children's future would someday be a crime. But I realized that that to be true, the theft of our children's future, to be a crime that must be a clear, demonstrable alternative to the take, make, waste, industrial system that so dominates our civilization and is the major culprit stealing our children's future, bad digging up the earth and converting it to politics, quickly become waste in the landfill oil and incinerate, insure it, digging up the earth and converting it to pollution. According to Paul and Ann Ehrlich, and their well-known environmental impact equation, impact a bad thing is the product of population, affluent and technology. That is, impact is generated by people, what they consume in their