 as you just saw on that video clip with 170 pounds of gear in it everything you need to survive. On your Antarctic track it's gonna be 40 below every single day. You'll be in a massive headwind and at some point you're gonna have to cross these cracks in the ice, these crevasses. Some of them have a very precarious thin footbridge underneath them that could give way to Moments notice taking your sled you into the best never to be seen again. The punchline to your journey? Look at the horizon. Yes, it's uphill the entire way because the South Pole is at 10,000 feet and you're starting at sea level. Our journey in fact did not begin at Hercules Inn let where frozen ocean meets the land of Antarctica. It began a little less than two years ago. Couple of bodies of mine and I had finished the 111 day run across the entire Sahara Desert. And while we were there we learned the seriousness of the water crisis in Northern Africa. But we also learned the many of the issues facing the people in Northern Africa affected young people the most. Came home to my wife after 111 days running in the sand and I said, you know, the stupid out of this boat. You gotta cross the desert. We are capable of doing anything we set our minds to. But if I'm gonna continue doing these adventures there has to be a reason for me to do them beyond just getting there. Around that time I met an extraordinary human being Peter Thun who inspired me with his actions. He's trying to find and solve water issues the crisis around the world. His dedication inspired me to come up with this expedition. A run to the South Pole where with an interactive website outbeal to bring young people students and teachers from around the world on board the expedition with me as active members. So we would have a live website that every single day of the 33 days we would be blogging telling stories of depleted ozone forcing us to cover our faces or we will burn. Crossing miles and miles of Sustrugy frozen ice snow drifts that could be hip deep. I'm telling you crossing these things with 170 pounds left that sled may as well wait 1700 pounds because that's what it felt like. We were blogging to this live website daily to these students that were tracking us as well about 10 hour tracking days, 15 hour tracking days. Sometimes 20 hours of tracking daily to meet our goal we catch cat naps of 40 below on our sled. In turn students people from around the world would ask us questions young people ask the most amazing questions one of my favorite it's 40 below. You got to go to the bathroom where you going to go and how are you going to do it. I'm not going to answer that but I will answer some of the more popular questions where do you sleep? You slept in a tent that was very low to the ground because the winds on Antarctica was so extreme it will blow anything else away. What do you eat? One of my favorite dishes on expedition butter and bacon. It's about a million calories. We were burning about 85 hundred today so we needed it. How many batteries do you carry for?