 Deborah Patton from making this possible. So anyway, today we have talked about architecture a little bit within the subject of creation and optimism. And if you put creation and optimism together, you've got two choices that you can talk about. You can talk about creationism, which I think wouldn't go down well with this audience, at least not from a view where you were a proponent of it, or you can talk about optimizations spelled the British way with an S instead of a Z. And I think that's what I'd like to talk about today, but any kind of conversation about architecture, which is in fact what you were just talking about, what was going on here, setting up 10, small scale architecture, at the present time, can't really happen without a conversation about this, the World Trade Center, and what's been going on there, what it means to us. Because if architecture is what I believe it to be, which is the built form of our cultural ambitions, what do you do when presented with an opportunity to rectify a situation that represents somebody else's cultural ambitions relative to us, and our own opportunity to make that to make something new there? This has been a really galvanizing issue for a long time. I think that the World Trade Center, rather an unfortunate way, brought architecture into focus in a way that I don't think people had thought of in a long time, and made it a subject for common conversation. I don't remember in my 20-year career of practicing and writing about architecture at time, when five people sat me down at a table and asked me very serious questions about zoning, fire exiting, safety concerns, and weather carpet burns. These are just not things we talked about very often. Yet now, it's talked about all the time at the point where you can weaponize your buildings. You have to suddenly think about architecture in a very different way. Now we're going to think about architecture in a very different way. We're going to think about it like this. How many of you saw USA Today today? There it is. Looks like that. There's the World Trade Center site on the front cover. It made a selection. They've chosen a project by Daniel Lieboskin, the Enfontalibra of the moment of architecture. Child Prodigy Piano Player. He started on the squeeze box, moved to a little more serious issue, a bigger instrument, and now to an even larger instrument upon which to work his particular brand of deconstructivist magic, as you see here. He was one of six people who were invited to participate in this competition after six previous firms struck out with things that were so stupid and banal that even the city of New York was forced to go, oh, I'm really sorry we screwed up.