 I had made a really stupid kind of mistake that most 19 year old males do, and they think they're immortal. And I got a bad case of the bends and was paralyzed and had to be flown back for treatment. But I learned two really important things that day. The first thing I learned, well, I'm mortal. That's a really big one. And the second thing I learned was that I knew with profound certainty that this is exactly what I was gonna do for the rest of my life. I had to focus all my energies towards going to find new species of things down on deep coral reefs. Now, when you think of a coral reef, this is what most people think of. All these big, hard, elaborate corals and lots of bright, colorful fishes and things. But this is really just the tip of the iceberg. If you look at the sort of diagram of a coral reef, we know a lot about that part up near the top. And the reason we know so much about it, the scuba divers can very easily go down there and access it. There is a problem with scuba, though, and it poses some limitations on how deep you can go. It turns out that that depth's about 200 feet. I'll get into why that is in just a minute. But the point is scuba divers generally stay less than 100 feet deep and very rarely go much below this, at least not with any kind of sanity. So to go deeper, most biologists have turned to submersibles. Now submersibles are a great, wonderful thing. But if you're gonna spend $30,000 a day to use one of these things, and it's capable of going 2000 feet, you're sure not gonna go part and around up here in a couple of hundred feet. You're gonna go way, way, way down deep. So the bottom line is that almost all research using submersibles has taken place well below 500 feet. Now it's pretty obvious at this point, that there's this zone here in the middle. And that's the zone that really centers around my own personal pursuit of happiness. I wanna find out what's in this zone. We know almost nothing about it. Scuba divers can't get there, submarines go right on past it. It took me a year to learn how to walk again after I had my diving accident in Polau. And during that year, I spent a lot of time learning about physics and physiology of diving, figuring out how to overcome these limitations. So I'm just gonna show you a basic idea. We're all bringing air right now. Air is a mixture of oxygen and nitrogen, about 20% oxygen, about 80% nitrogen. It's in our lungs. And there's a phenomenon called Henry's Law. It says the gases will dissolve and do a fluid proportion to the partial pressures that which are exposing them to. So basically the gas dissolves into our body. The oxygen is bound by metabolism. We use it for energy. The nitrogen is sort of floats around in our blood. And tissues and that's all fine. That's how we're designed. The problem happens when you start to go underwater. Now the deeper you go underwater, the higher the pressure is. If you were to go down to a depth of about 130 feet, which is a recommended limit for most scuba divers, you get this pressure effect. And the effect of that pressure is that you have an increased density of gas molecules in every breath you take. And then over time those gas molecules dissolve into your blood and tissues and start to fill you up. Now if you were to go down to say 300 feet, you don't have five times as many gas molecules in your lungs, you've got 10 times as many gas molecules in your lungs. And sure enough, they dissolve into your blood and tissues as well. And of course if you were to go down, where there's 15 times as much as deeper you go, the more exacerbating the problem becomes. And the problem, the limitation of diving with air is all the way down to the surface.