 Reaching success I always was pretty good at coming up with good ideas because I did all these simple things that lead to ideas. But then I stopped because I figured I was a hot shot guy and I shouldn't have to work at ideas that should just come like magic. The only thing that came was creative was I couldn't come up with any ideas. Reaching success I always focused on clients and projects and ignored the money. Then all this money started pouring in and I got distracted by it and suddenly I was on the phone and my stock broker and my real estate agent when I should have been talking to my clients. And reaching success I always did what I love. But then I got into stuff I didn't love. Like management. I'm the world's worst manager that I figured I should be doing it because I was after all the pleasant movies of the company. Well, soon a black cloud formed over my head and here I was, out in the very successful but inwardly very depressed. But I'm a guy. I knew how to fix it. I got a fast curve. It didn't help. I was faster but just as depressed. So I went to my doctor I said, Doc, I can buy anything I want but I'm not happy. I'm depressed. It's true what they say and I didn't believe it until it happened to me but money can't buy happiness. He said no, but it can't buy a pro's act. He put me on Andy depressant and you have the black cloud faded a little bit. And so did all the work because I was just floating along. I couldn't care less appliance ever call. And clients didn't call because they could see I was no longer serving them. I was only serving myself. So they took their money in their projects to others who would serve them better. Well, didn't take long for business to drop like a rock. My partner and I told me that all our employees go, it was down to just the two of us and we were bucked to go on. And that was great because with no employees, there was nobody for me to manage. So I went back to doing the projects I love. I had fun again. I worked harder and to cut a long story short. Did all the things that took me back up the success. But it wasn't a quick trip. It took seven years. But in the end business grew bigger than ever. And when I went back to following these eight principles, the black cloud on my head disappeared all together. And I woke up one day and I said, I don't need prosack anymore. And I threw it away and haven't needed it since. I learned the success isn't a one way street. It doesn't look like this. It really looks more like this. It's a continuous journey. And if we want to avoid success to fail your syndrome, we just keep following these eight principles because that's not only how we achieve success, it's how we sustain. So here's to your continued success. Thank you very much.