 by the animal session Robert Fallen, Franz, planting, and others, the beauty of the things that they showed, the only slight jarring note was when Jeffrey Katzenberg said of the Mustang that most blended creatures that God put on this earth. Now, of course, we know that he didn't really mean that, but in this country at the moment, you can't be too careful. I'm a biologist and the central theorem of our subject, the theory of design, Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection. In professional circles everywhere, it's, of course, universally accepted. In non-professional circles outside America, it's largely ignored. But in non-professional circles within America, it arouses so much hostility that it's fair to say that American biologists are in a state of war. The war is so worrying at present, with court cases coming up in one state after another that I felt I had to say something about it. If you want to know what I have to say about Darwinism itself, I'm afraid you're going to have to look at my books, which you won't find in the bookstore outside. Contemporary court cases often concern an allegedly new version of creationism called intelligent design or ID. Don't be fooled. There's nothing new about ID. It's just creationism under another name. Recristened, I choose the word, advisedly, for tactical political reasons. The arguments of so-called ID theorists of the same old arguments that have been refuted again and again since Darwin died to the present day. There is an effective evolution lobby coordinating the fight on behalf of science. And I tried to do what I can to help them, that they get quite upset when people like me dare to mention that we happen to be atheists as well as evolutionists. They see us as rocking the boat. You can understand why. Creationists lacking any coherent scientific argument for their case fall back on the popular phobia against atheism. Teach your children evolution in biology class and they'll soon move on to drugs, grand loss in the conceptual preversion. In fact, of course, educated theologians from the Pope down are firm in their support to evolution. This book, Finding Darwin's Gone by Kenneth Miller, is one of the most effective attacks on intelligent design that I know, and it's all more effective because it's written by a devout Christian. People like Kenneth Miller could be called