 Freeman Thomas says I'm driven by my passion. Testors do it for love, they don't do it for money, Carol Pilates says I would pay someone to do what I do. The interesting thing is if you do it for love, the money comes anywhere. Work, Rupert Murdoch said to me it's all hard work. Nothing comes easily, but I have a lot of fun. Did he say fun, Rupert? Yes. Testors do have fun working and they work hard. I figured they're not workaholics, they're workaholics. Good. Alice Garden says to be successful, put your nose down and something and get damn good at. There's no magic, it's practice, practice, practice. And it's focused. Norma Jewish said to me, I think it all has to do with focusing yourself on one thing. And push. David Gallos says push yourself. Physically, manly, you've got to push, push, push. You've got to push through shines and self-doubt. Dolly Han says I always had soft dogs. I wasn't good enough, I wasn't smart enough. I didn't think I'd make it. Now it's not always easy to push yourself, and that's why they invented mothers. Frank Geary. Frank Geary said to me, my mother pushed me. Serve. Sure when Newland says it was a privilege to serve as a doctor. Now a lot of kids tell me they want to be millionaires. And the first thing I say to them is, okay, when you can't serve yourself, you've got to serve others something of value because that's the way people really get rich. Ideas, headster Bill Gates says, I had an idea. Founding the first micro computer software company. I'd say it was a pretty good idea. And there's no magic to creativity and coming up with ideas is just doing some very simple things. And I give lots of evidence. Persist. Joe Krauss says persistence is a number one reason for our success. You got to persist through failing. You got to persist through crap, which of course means criticism, rejection, assholes, and pressure. So the big answer to this question is simple. Pay $4,000 and come to town. Or failing that, do the eight things and trust me. These are the big eight things that lead to success. Thank you, testers for all your interviewer.