 to be create, rip, mix, and burn. What I mean by that is anyone in the world is free and allowed to create new music and musical ideas. Anyone in the world is allowed to rip or copy musical ideas, use them in innovative ways. Anyone is allowed to mix them in different types of ways, draw connections between musical ideas. Now people can burn them or create final products and continue the circle. And what that's done is it's created, like I said, a vibrant community. It's very inclusive with people continually working to connect musical ideas, innovate them, and keep things constantly up to date. Today's hit single is not last year's hit single. But I'm not here to talk about music today. I'm here to talk about books. In particular, textbooks and the kind of educational materials that we use every day in school. Has anyone here ever been to school? Does anybody realize there's a crisis in our schools around the world? I hope I hope. OK, I'm not going to spend too much time on that. But what I want to talk about is some of the disconnects that appear when an author publishes a book and, in fact, a publishing process, just because of the fact that it's complicated, it's heavy, books are expensive, creates a sort of a wall between authors of books and the ultimate users of books, BVA teachers, students, or just general readers. And this is even more true if you have to speak a language other than one of the world's major languages and especially English. And I'm going to call these people below the barrier shut outs because they're really shut out of the process of being able to share their knowledge with the world. And so what I want to talk about today is trying to take these ideas that we've seen in the musical culture and try to bring these toward reinventing the way we think about writing books, using them, and teaching from them. OK, so that's what I'd like to talk about. And really, how do we get from where we are now to where we need to go? So the first thing I'd like you to do is a little thought experiment. So imagine taking all the world's books, everybody imagine books, and imagine just tearing out the pages, so liberating these pages, and imagine digitizing them, and then storing them in a vast interconnected global repository. I think of it as a massive iTunes for book type content. And then take that material and imagine making it all open so that people can modify it, play with it, improve it, imagine making it free so that anywhere in the world can have access to all of this knowledge, and imagine using information technology so that you can update this content, improve it, play with it, on a time scale, it's more on the order of seconds instead of years. Instead of the additions coming out every two years of a book, imagine it coming out every 25 seconds. OK, so imagine we could do that, and imagine we could put people into this, right? So that we could truly build an ecosystem with not just authors, but all the people who could be or want to be authors in all the different languages of the world. I think if you could do this, it would be called, well, I'm just going to refer to it as a knowledge ecosystem. OK, so really.