 I was so disturbed by what I saw and I was so unhappy with the article that ran afterwards. That I decided I would take six months off. I was 28 years old. I decided I would find six children in different countries and actually go spend some time with the kids and try to tell their story a little bit better than I thought I had done for Time Magazine. In the course of doing the story, I was looking for children who hadn't photographed before and there was Pearl Buck Foundation told me that they worked with a lot of Americans who donated money to help some of these kids. And a man told me he ran the Pearl Buck Foundation in Korea that there was a young girl, 11 years old, being raised by her grandmother. The grandmother never let any Westerners ever see her. The wee time in the West was King's Divinity, the girl. And of course I was immediately intrigued. I saw photographs of her and I thought I wanted to go and the guy just told me there's no way the scrimmlet won't even know what she's ever going to do. I took a translator with me and went to this village, found the grandmother sat down with her. And to my astonishment, she agreed to let me photograph the granddaughter. And I was paying for this myself so I asked the translator if it would be okay if I stayed for the week. I had a sleeping bag. The family had a small shed on the side of the house. So I said could I sleep in my sleeping bag in the evenings. And I just told the little girl whose name was unsuitly that if I ever did anything to embarrass her. She didn't speak word of English or she looked very American. She could just put up her hands and they stopped and I would stop taking pictures. And then my transitor left. So there I was, couldn't speak a word of her hand. This is the first night of Netflix. Her mother was still alive. Her mother was not raising her grandmother's raising her. And what struck me immediately was how I loved the two of these people were. Grandma there was incredibly fun, deeply in love with this little girl. They slept on the floor at night the way they eat her homes in Korea. They had bricks under the floor. So the heat actually radiated from underneath the floor. Unciple was 11 years old. I had photographed as I said a lot of these kids. Unciple was the fact that the fifth child that I found photographed. And then almost universally amongst all the kids they were really psychologically damaged by having been made fun on ridiculed, picked on and been ejected. And Korea was probably the place I found to be the worst for these kids. And what struck me immediately, the meeting Unciple was how confident she appeared to be happy she seemed to be in her own skin. And remember this picture, I'll show you in a picture later, but you can see how much she looks like her grandmother, although she looks so western. I decided to follow her to school. This is the first morning I stayed with her. This is the way to school. This is the morning assembly outside her school. And I noticed that she was plowing around when teachers would ask questions. She'd be the first person to raise her hand. Again, not at all shy or withdrawn or anything like the other children that I photographed. Again.