 Some city streets rockin' a drop-top Cadillac with a big back seat packin' like 13 brown paper wall-marked bags full of loaded mockingbirds and I'll get everybody. I'll get the knitwood on the network news saying we'll be back in a moment with more on the crisis. I'll get some asshole at a watering hole asking what brand the ice is. I'll get that lady at the laundromat who always seems to know what being nice is. I'll get your postman making dinner plans. I'll get the last time you mine. I'll get baby, just give me the frickin' TV guy. I'll get a lonely little sentence with a real error in it. Yeah, I guess I could come inside for only for a minute. I'll get an ESL class in Chinatown learning its raining, its pouring. I'll put a mockingbird on a late night train just to get an old man snoring. I'll get your ex lover telling someone else good morning. I'll get everyone's good mornings. I don't care how you make them a loha, kneetchi wa shalom, asalam alaykum. Everybody means everybody means everybody here and so maybe I'll build a gilded cage. I'll line the bottom of old notebook pages inside it. I will place a mockingbird for short explanation hippie parents. What does a violin have to do with technology? Where in the world is this world heading on one end? Gold bars. On the other an entire planet. We are 12 billion light years from the edge. That's a guess. Space is length and breadth. Continue indefinitely. But you cannot buy a ticket to travel commercially to space in America because countries are being eat like us, live like us, and die like us. You might want to avert your gaze because that is a new about to regenerate its limb and shaking hands spreads more germs than kissing. There's about 10 million phage per drop. Very strange world inside a nano tube. Women can talk. Black men ski. White men build strong buildings. We build strong suns. The surface of the earth is absolutely riddled with holes. And here we are. Right in the middle. Because the voice of life that calls us to come and learn. With all the little mocking birds fly away, they're going to sound like the last four days. I will get uptown gurus, downtown teachers, broke ass artists and dealers and fibrope preachers, leaf lowers bartenders, boot job doctors, who we can guard between your local congressmen and the spotline guys in the overhead helicopters. Everybody gets hurt. Everybody gets this one honest mocking bird. There's a witness. And I'm on this. I'm on this to the whole thing spreads with chat rooms and copy cats and moms. Maybe tucking kids into bed singing, hush little baby. Don't say a word. Wait for the man with the mocking bird. And then come the news crews and a man on the street interviews and a letter to the editor. Everybody asking just who is responsible for this citywide, nationwide mocking bird, cacophony and somebody finally is going to tip the city council of Monterey, California, off to me and they'll offer me a key to the city. A gold plated, oversized key to the city and that is all I need. Because if I get that, I can unlock the air. I'll listen to what's missing and I'll put it there. Thank you, Ted. Wow. Thanks.