 all the way back to tongue kissing and good love and you could navigate and understand every emotional intersection some days on the shallow as a baking pan. But I still stretch miles in all directions if I own the internet Napster, Monster and Friendster.com would be one big one site. That way you could listen to cool music while you pretend to look for a job and you're really just chatting with your pals. Heck, if I ran the web, you could email dead people. They would not email you about it. But you get an automated reply. It's their name in your inbox. It's all you want it in you right? And a message saying, Hey, it's me. I missed you. Listen, you'll see being dead is Andy that you go back to raising kids and waging peace and craving candy. If I designed the internet, childhood dot com would be a loop of a boy in an orchard with a ski pole for a sword trash can live for a shield shouting, I am the emperor. I am the emperor. I am the emperor. I am the emperor. I'm not fine. Okay. Graham mob dot com would be a recipe for biscuits and spit bath instructions. One, two, three, that links with hot diggity dot dot com. That is my grandfather. They take you to rough x cop on his fourth merit dot dad. He wanted an attachment to kind of dentsy, but still sends ginger snaffries dot mom who downloads the point of the orchard, the emperor of oranges who grows up to be me, the guy who usually goes too far. So if I were emperor of the internet, I guess that's still be more than what at that point, I would probably already have the lowest possible mortgage and the most enlarged possible penis. So I would outlaw spam on my first day in office. I wouldn't need it. I'd be like some kind of internet genius and me. I'd like to upgrade to deity and maybe just like that, I go wild. Maybe Google would hire this. I could zip your servers in firewalls like a virus into the worldwide web. This is wise, wild and organized. I think a modern day miracle slash or cool can get, but you want to bet just how whack and unPC your mac or PC is going to be when I'm rocking hot shit hot shot god dot net, I guess it's just like life. It is not a question of if you can. It's do you. We can interfere with the interface. We can make you've got hallelujah, the national anthem of cyberspace every lucky time we log on. You don't say a prayer. You don't write a song. You don't chant an all. You send one blessed email to whoever you're thinking at .