 a number of you in this room and I think we all found it simultaneously an eye opening and a very frustrating experience. I sat in this large negotiation hall at one point for three or four hours without hearing the word oceans one time. It really wasn't on the radar screen. The nations that brought it up when we had the speeches of the national leaders, it tended to be the leaders of the small island states, the low-lying island states. And by this weird quirk of alphabetical order of the nations, a lot of the low-lying states like Kiribati and nowruv, they were seated at the very end of these immense long roads and for marginalized in the negotiation room. One of the problems is coming up with the right target. It's not clear what the target should be and how can you figure out how to fix something if you don't have a clear target. Now you've heard about two degrees and we should limit temperature rise but no more than two degrees. But there's not a lot of science behind that. We've also talked about concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere should it be four, fifty, should it be four hundred. There's not a lot of science behind that one either. Most of the science that is behind these numbers, these potential targets is based on studies on land. And I would say for the people that work in the ocean and think about what the target should be, we would argue that they must be much lower. You know, from a noceanic perspective, four-fifth is way too high. Now there's compelling evidence that it really needs to be three-fifth. We are right now at 390 parts per million CO2 in the atmosphere. We're not going to put the brakes on in time to stop at four-fifth and so we've got to, except we're going to do an overshoot. And the discussion as we go forward has to focus on how far the overshoot goes and what's the pathway back to three-fifth. Now why is it so complicated? Why don't we know some of these things a little bit better? Well the problem is that we've got very complicated forces in the climate system. There's all kinds of natural causes of climate change. There's air-sea interactions here in Galapagos. We're affected by Olenios and Llanenia, but the entire planet forms up when there's a big Olenio. Of volcanoes eject aerosols into the atmosphere, that changes our climate. Aviation contains most of the extensible heat on the planet. So anything that influences how ocean surface waters mix with the deep water changes the ocean to planet. And we know the solar output's not constant at all. So those are all natural causes of climate change. And then we have the human induced causes of climate change as well. We're changing the characteristics of the surface of the land, the roof activity. We inject our own aerosols into the atmosphere and we have trace gases, just carbon dioxide. It's methane, ozone, oxides, of sulfur and nitrogen. There's the thing, it sounds like a simple question. Is CO2 caused and produced by man's activities causing the planet to warm up? But to answer that question to make it