 One-year budget would fund NOAA's budget to explore the oceans for 1,600 years. Why? Why are we looking up? Is it because it's heaven? And hell is down here. Is it a cultural issue? Why are people afraid of the ocean? Or do they just assume the ocean is just a dark, gloomy place that has nothing to offer? I'm going to take you on a 16-minute trip on 72% of the planet, so buckle up. Okay. And what we're going to do is we're going to immerse ourselves in my world. And what I'm going to try to, I hope I make the polling points, I'm going to make it right now in case I forget, is everything I'm going to present to you was not in my textbooks when I went to school. And most of it was not even my college textbooks. When I went, I went, GFIS assist and I, all my earth science books, when I was a student, I had to give the wrong answer to get an A. We used to ridicule continental drift, something we laughed at. We learned to martial case, GFIS and final cycle, which is a bunch of crap. But we, in today's context, it was a bunch of crap, but it was, it was the law of geology, vertical techniques. All the things we're going to walk through in our explorations and discoveries of the oceans were mostly discoveries made by accident. Mostly discoveries made by accident, we were looking for something, found something else. And everything we're going to talk about represents a one tenth of one percent glimpse. Is that's all we've seen. I have a characterization, this is a characterization of what it would look like if you could remove the water. It gives you the false impression, it's a map. It is not a map. In fact, I commonly ask people, I have another version of my office and I ask people, why are there mountains here on this area here, but they're none over here? And they go, well, it's you. They try to be in the same visited, fractures on this hot spot. No, no, that's the only place that ships been. Most of the southern hemisphere is unexplored. We had more explorationships down there during Captain Cook's time than now. It's amazing. We're going to immerse ourselves in the 72 percent of the planet because it's really naive to think that the Easter Bunny put all the resources on the continents. It's just ludicrous. We are always constantly playing the zero-sum game. We're going to do this, we're going to take away from something else. I believe in just enriching the economy. We're leaving so much on the table, 72 percent of the planet and as I will point out later in the presentation, 50 percent of the United States of America lies beneath the sea. 50 percent of our country that we own, have all legal jurisdiction, have all rights to do whatever we want, lies beneath the sea and we have better maps of Mars.