 And I met Julius the last week that I was living in Kibera. So I had been there almost three months. And I was touring around the city going to different squatter areas. And Julius was tagging along. And he was bug-eyed. And at certain points, we were walking around. He grabbed my hand for support. Which is something most Indians would never consider doing. Very polite. They don't get so forward so quickly. And I found out later that it was Julius's first day in Nairobi. And he's one of many. So close to 200,000 people a day. Migrate from the rural to the urban areas. That's, and I'm going to be fairly the statisticians who talk this morning. Not almost 1.5 million people a week, but almost 1.4 million people a week. But I'm a journalist and we exaggerate. So almost 1.5 million people a week. Close to 70 million people a year. And if you do the math, that's 130 people every year. So that will be in the 18 minutes that I'm given to talk here. Between 2 and 3,000 people will have journey in the cities. And here are the statistics. Today, a billion squatters, one in six people on the planet. 20, 32 billion squatters. One in four people on the planet. And the estimate is that in 2050, there will be three billion squatters, better than one in three people on Earth. So these are the cities of the future. And we have to engage them. And I was thinking this morning of the good lives. And before I show you the rest of my presentation, I'm going to evaluate 10 rules here. I'm going to read you something from my book as quickly as I can. Because I think it says something about reversing our perception of what we think the good life is. So the hut was made of corrugated metal set on a concrete pad. It was a 10-10 cell. It was made of a single Bryan Jr. shared it with three other men. Aren't strong in this friends had no water. They bought it from a nearby tap owner. No toilet. The families in this compound shared a single pitlite ring. And no sewers or sanitation. They did have electricity. But it was illegal service taps from someone else's wires. And could only power one people involved. could have been anywhere in the city because more than half the city of Nairobi lives like this. 1.5 million people stuffed into mud or metal huts with no services, no toilets.