 The AMI acute myocardium infox, which is adopted as big word so they can charge you more money, means a heart attack, annual incidence, 1.2 million Americans, mortality, 300,000 people dying each year. About half of them, 600,000 have permanent damaged their heart that will cause them to have very bad problems later on. Because 900,000 people either had die or have significant damage to their heart muscle, symptoms are often denied by the patient, particularly us men because we are very brave. We're very brave and we don't want to admit that I'm having a hell of a chest pain. Then approximately 25% of all patients never have any symptoms. What are we going to do about them? How can we save their lives, is particularly true of diabetics and elderly women? But what is needed for the earliest possible warning of a heart attack? A means to determine if there's a complete blockage of a coronary artery. That, ladies and gentlemen, is a heart attack. The means consists of noting something a little technical. S.T. segment elevation of the electrogram translated into English. That means that if there's an electrical signal in the heart and one part of the ECG, which we call the S.T. segment, elevates that's a sure sign of a heart attack and if we had a computer put into the body of a person who's at risk, we could know before they even have symptoms that they're having a heart attack to save their lives. Well the doctor can program a level of this S.T. elevation voltage that will trigger an emergency alarm vibration like your cell phone, but in right by your clavicle bone. And when it goes BPP, BPP, you better do something about it because if you want to live, you have to get to some medical treatment. So we have to try these devices out. Of course the FDA won't just let us use them on. People unless we try it out person, the best model for this is happens to be pigs. And what we tried with the pig was external electrodes on the skin like you see in an emergency room and I'm going to show you why they don't work very well. And then we put a lead which is a wire in the right ventricle inside the heart which does the electrogram which is the signal voltage from inside the heart. Well with the pig at the baseline before we blocked the pig's artery to simulate a heart attack, that was the signal. The 43 seconds, even an expert couldn't tell the difference. And after three minutes, well if you really studied it, you see a difference. But what happened when we looked inside the pig's heart to the electrogram? There was a lot of difference.