 stuff that probably contains some other important messages. I'll use these sidewalks in Rio as an example. Very common public design done in the 50s. It's got a nice kind of flowing organic form. Very consistent with the Brazilian culture. I think good sign adds to culture. A wholly inconsistent with San Francisco or New York. But I think these are my sort of information of highways I live in, more to more of an analog world, where pedestrian traffic and interaction, diversity, exchange, and where I think the simple things under our feet have a great amount of meaning to us. How did I get started in this business? I was a ceramic designer for about 10 years and just loved the utilitarian form, simple things that we use every day, little compositions of color and surface on form. This led me to starting a company called Design with Rich. A company dealing with simple forms, making good design as available to us and also selling the personalities and character of the designers as well. And it seems to have worked a couple years into the process. I spent a lot of time in Europe traveling around looking for design and I had a bit of a wake up call in Amsterdam. I was there going to the design stores and fixing with our proud of designers and I recognized that a whole lot of stuff came much looked the same and the effect of globalization has had that in our community also. We know a lot about what's going on with design around the world and getting increasingly more difficult to find design that reflects a unique culture. I was walking around on the streets of Amsterdam and I recognized the big story from Amsterdam isn't what's in the design stores, it's what's out on the streets and maybe it's self-explanatory but a city that hasn't been taken over by modernism, it's preserved, it's kind of architecture and character. And where the bicycle plays an important part of the way in which people get around and work with the destiny and rights are protected and I write a newsletter that goes out every week and I wrote an article about this and got such enormous response that I realized the design, the common design that's in the public area, means a lot to people and establishes kind of a groundwork and a dialogue. I then kind of thought about the other cities in Europe where I spend a lot of time looking for design like Pazel or Vietr is located or in northern Italy all cities where there are a whole lot of bicycles and work pedestrian areas and I came to the conclusion that perhaps there was something about these important design centers that dealt with bicycles and foot traffic and I'm sure this skeptic I would say know the correlation there's there are universities and schools where people can't afford cars but it it seemed that in many of these areas pedestrian traffic was protected. You wouldn't look at this and call this a designer bike, a designer bike is made of titanium or millibdenum but I began looking at design in a place like Amsterdam recognized the first job of design is to serve a social purpose and so I look at this bike is not being a designer bike but being a very good example of design and since that time in Amsterdam I spent an increasing amount of time in the cities looking at design and for competent evidence of design.