 work for many years was focused around the idea that sustainability means basically looking at the globalised economic growth model and moderating what comes in at one end and moderating the outputs of the other end. And then I came into contact with a way of looking at things which actually changed that profoundly. And in order to introduce you to that, I've got something here that I'm going to unveil, which is one of the great marvels of the modern age and it's something so astounding and so astonishing that I think maybe as I remove this powerful suitable gas of an amusement might be appropriate if you could help me with that. This is a litre of oil. This bottle of oil distilled over 100 million years of geological time ancient sunlight contains energy equivalent to about five weeks, part human manual labour. Equivalent to about 35 strong people coming round and working for you. We can turn it into a dazzling array of materials, medicine, modern clothing, laptops, a whole range of different things. It gives us an energy return that's unimaginable historically. We've based the design of our settlements, our business models, our transport plans, even the idea of economic growth some would argue on the assumption that we will have this in perpetuity. Yet when we take a step back and look over the span of history at what we might call the petroleum interval, it's a short period in history where we've discovered this extraordinary material and then based a whole way of life around it. But as we struggle the top of this energy mountain at this stage, we move from a time where our economic success, our sense of individual prowess and well-being is directly linked to how much of this we consume to a time when actually our degree of oil dependency is our degree of vulnerability. It's increasingly clear that we aren't going to be able to rely on the fact that we're going to have this at our disposal forever. For every four barrels of oil that we consume we only discover one and that gap continues to widen. There's also the fact that the amount of energy that we get back from the oil that we discover is falling. In the 1930s we got hundreds units of energy back for every one that we put into extractive, completely unprecedented historically. Already that's fallen to about 11 and that's why now the new breakthroughs, the new frontiers in terms of oil extraction are strabling about an Alberta or at the bottom of the oceans. There are 98 oil producing nations in the world but of those 65 have already passed their peak. The moment when the world on average passes this peak people wonder when that's going to happen and there's an emerging case that maybe that was what happened last July when the oil prices were so high. But are we too