 is a time for me to talk to you about water. It's not only because we like to drink lots of it and it's marvelous derivatives beer wine etc. And of course watch it fall from the sky and flow in our wonderful rivers but for several other reasons this way. When I was a kid growing up in New York I was smitten by snakes the same way most kids were smitten by top smarves, cars, trains, cricket balls and my mother, brave lady, was partly the blame taking me to the New York Natural History Museum, buying the books on snakes and then starting this infamous career of wine which has culminated in of course arriving in India 60 years ago, brought by my mother Doris Norton and my stepfather Ram Chattrapadeva. It's been a roller coaster ride. Two animals, two iconic reptiles really captivated me very early on. One of them was this remarkable guerrilla, this crocodile which grows almost 20 feet long in the northern rivers and this charismatic snake, which you can call it, what my purpose of the talk today really is to sort of indelibly scar your minds with these charismatic and majestic creatures because this is what you will take away from here a reconnection with nature. The King Cobra is quite remarkable for several reasons. What you're seeing here is very recently shot images in the forest nearby here of a female King Cobra making her nest. Here's a limeless animal capable of gathering a huge mound of leaves and then laying her eggs inside to withstand five to ten meters of rain in order that the eggs can incubate over the next 90 days and hatch into little baby King Cobra. So she protects her eggs and after three months the babies finally do hatch out. Majority even will die of course. There's very high mortality in little baby reptiles who are just 10 plodges long. My first experience with King Cobra was in 72 at a magical place called Agumbe in Karnahtaka this state and it is a marvelous rain for us and this first encounter was kind of like the Masai boy who kills the lion to become a warrior. It really changed my life totally and it brought me straight into the conservation fray and I ended up starting this research and education station in Agumbe which you're all of course invited to visit. This is basically a base wherein we're trying to gather and learn virtually everything about the biodiversity of this incredibly complex for a system and try to hang on to what's there make sure the water sources are protected and kept clean and of course having good time too. You can almost hear the drums you know the throbbing back in that little cottage.