 people's soul and emotion. Not very long ago, not many thousands of years ago, we actually lived in caves and I don't think we've lost that coding system. We respond so well to form, but I'm interested in creating intelligent form. I'm not interested at all in blobbism or any of that superficial rubbish that you see coming out as design. This artificial being juice, consumerism, I think it's cautious. My world is the world of people like Amory Loveon, Jeanine Venus, James Watson. I'm in that world, but I work purely instinctively. I'm not a scientist. I could have been perhaps, but I work in this world where I trust my instinct. So I am a 21st century translator of technology into products that we use every day and relate beautifully and naturally with. We should be developing things, we should be developing packaging for ideas which elevate people's perceptions and respect for the things that we together the earth and translate into products for everyday use. So the water bottle. I'll begin with this concept of what I call DNA, DNA, design nature art. These are the three things that condition my world. Here is a drawing by Lena DeVinci 500 years ago before photography. It shows how observation, curiosity and instinct work to create amazing art. Industrial design is the art form of 21st century. People like Leonardo, there were, have not been many, had this amazingly instinctive curiosity. I work from a similar position, I'd own a sample, potentially saying that, but this is my drawing made on a digital pad a couple of years ago, well into the 21st century, 500 years later. It's my impression of water. Impressionism being the most valuable art form on the planet, as we know it, $100 million easily for money. I use now a whole new process a few years ago. I reinvented my process to keep up with people like Greg Lynn, Tom Lane, Zahadid, Remkoohas, all these people that I think persevering and pioneering with fantastic new ideas of how to create form. This is all created digitally. Here you see the machining, the milling of a block of acrylic. This is what I showed to the client to say that's what I want to do. At that point I don't know if that's possible at all. It's a seductive. But I just feel in my bones that that's possible. So we go, we look at the tooling, we look at how that is produced. These are the invisible things that you never see in your life. This is the background noise of industrial design. That is like an Anish Kapoor flowing through a rich et cetera. It is more valuable than the product in my arms. I don't have one when I do make some money. I'll have one machined for myself. This is the final product. When they send it to me,