 is from the world's greatest telescopes on Earth and in space, and has woven them seamlessly to produce a holistic view of the universe. It's going to change the way we do astronomy, it's going to change the way we teach astronomy, and I think most importantly, it's going to change the way we see ourselves in the universe. If we were having this TED meeting in our grandparents' day, that might not be so dig a claim. In 1924, for example, you weren't allowed to drink. If you were a woman, you weren't allowed to vote. And if you looked up at these stars in the Milky Way on a summer night, what you saw was thought to be the entire universe. In fact, the head of Harvard's observatory back then gave a great debate in which he argued that the Milky Way galaxy was the entire universe. Harvard was wrong big time. Of course, we know today that galaxies extend far beyond our own galaxy. We can see all the way out to the edge of the observable universe all the way back in time, almost to the moment of the big bang itself. We can see across the entire spectrum of light revealing worlds that had previously been invisible. We see these magnificent star nurseries where nature has somehow arranged for just the light numbers and just the right sides of stars to be born for life to arise. We see alien worlds. We see alien solar systems 300 now and still counting. And they're not like us. We see black holes at the heart of our galaxy in the Milky Way. And elsewhere in the universe, where time itself seems to stand still. But until now, our view of the universe has been disconnected and fragmented. And I think that many of the marvelous stories that nature has to tell us have fallen through the cracks. And that's changing. I want to just briefly mention three reasons why my colleagues and I in astronomy and in education are so excited about the worldwide telescope and why we think it's truly transformative. And it enables you to experience the universe. The world by telescope, for me, is a kind of magic carpet that's navigate through the universe where you want to go. Second, you can tour the universe with astronomers as your guide. And I'm not talking here about just experts who are telling you what you're seeing, but really people who are passionate about the various nooks and crannies of the universe, who can share their enthusiasm and can make the universe a welcoming place. And third, you can create your own tours. You can share them with friends. You can create them with friends. And that's the part