 keep thing going on. I feel a bit about it like I did about a very strict maths teacher that I once had at school. I didn't always like her, but I did respect her and she taught me a heck of a lot. So today I'd like to share with you some of my ocean adventures and tell you a little bit about what they taught me and how I think we can maybe take some of those lessons and apply them to this environmental challenge that we face right now. Now some of you might be thinking hold on a minute, she doesn't look very much like an ocean rover. Isn't she meant to be about this tall and about this wide and maybe look a bit more like these guys? You'll notice they've all got something that I don't. Well I don't know what you're thinking but I'm talking about the beards. No matter how long I spend on the ocean I haven't yet managed to muster a decent beard and I hope that it remains that way. For a long time I didn't believe that I could have a big adventure. The story that I told myself was that adventurous looked like this. I didn't look part. I thought there were them and there were us and I was not one of them. So for 11 years I conformed. I did what people on my kind of background were supposed to do. I was working in an office in London as a management consultant and I think I knew from day one that it wasn't the right job for me but that kind of conditioning just kept me there for so many years until I reached my mid 30s and I thought you know I'm not getting any younger. I feel like I've got a purpose in this life and I don't know what it is but I'm pretty certain that management consultancy is not it. So fast forward a few years I'd gone through some changes to try and answer that question of what am I supposed to be doing with my life. I sat down one day and wrote two versions of my own obituary. The one that I wanted a life of adventure and the one that I was actually heading for which was a nice normal pleasant life but it wasn't where I wanted to be by the end of my life. I wanted to live a life that I could be proud of and I remember looking at these two versions of my obituary and thinking oh boy I want totally the wrong track here. If I carry on living as I am now I'm just going to end up where I want to be in five years or ten years or at the end of my life. I made a few changes let go of some of those trackings of my old life and through a bit of a leap of logic decided to row across the Atlantic Ocean. The Atlantic Roan Race runs from the Canaries to Antigas it's about three thousand miles and it turned out to be the hardest thing I had ever done. Sure I wanted to get outside of my comfort zone but what I sort of failed to notice was that getting out of your comfort zone is by definition extremely uncomfortable. And my timing was not great either. 2005 when I did the Atlantic was a year of Hurricane Katrina.