 The paper reported that somewhere between 200 and 300,000 people had already been killed in the genocides in the paper. Not on the front page, there's a lot like the Holocaust coverage was buried in the paper. Rwanda itself was not seen as newsworthy and amazingly genocide itself was not seen as newsworthy. But on April 21st, a wonderful, really honest moment occurred and that was that an American Congresswoman named Patricia Schroeder from Colorado met with a group of journalists and one of the journalists said to her, what's up? What's going on in the US government? Two to three hundred thousand people have just been exterminated in the last couple weeks in Rwanda. It's two weeks into the genocides at that time. But of course at that time you don't know how long it's going to last. And the journalist said, why is there so little response out of Washington? Why no hearings, no denunciations, no people getting arrested in front of the Rwanda and Embassy here in front of the White House. What's the deal? And she said, it's so honest, she said, it's a great question. All I can tell you is that in my congressional office in Colorado and my office in Washington were getting hundreds and hundreds of calls about the endangered ape and gorilla population in Rwanda. But nobody is calling about the people. The phones just aren't ringing about the people. And the reason I give you this moment is there's a deep truth in it. And that truth is and was in the 20th century that while we were beginning to develop endangered species movements, we didn't have an endangered peoples movement. We had Holocaust education in the schools. Most of us were groomed not only on images of nuclear catastrophe but also on images and knowledge of the Holocaust. There's a museum, of course, on the mall in Washington right next to Lincoln and Jefferson. I mean, we have owned never again, culturally, appropriately, interestingly. And yet the politicization of never again, the operationalization of never again, had never occurred in the 20th century. And that's what that moment with Patricia Schroder I think shows that if we are to bring about an end to the world's worst atrocities, we have to make it such. There has to be a role. There has to be the creation of political noise and political costs in response to massive crimes against humanity and so forth. So that was the 20th century. Now here, and this is, we'll be relieved to you at this point in the afternoon, there is good news, amazing news in the 21st century. And that is that almost out of nowhere, there has come into being an anti-genocide movement, an anti-genocide constituency and one that looks destined in fact to be permanent. It grew.