 actually quite a dangerous one at this point in human history. Now, it's often said that science cannot give us a foundation for morality and human values because science deals with facts and facts and values seem to belong to different spheres. It's often thought that there's no description of the way the world is that can tell us how the world ought to be. But I think this is quite clearly untrue. But values are a certain kind of fact. They are facts about the well-being of conscious creatures. Why is it that we don't have ethical obligations toward rocks? Why don't we feel compassion for rocks? We don't think rocks can suffer and if we're more concerned about our fellow primates than we are about insects, as indeed we are, it's because we think they're exposed to a greater range of potential happiness and suffering. Now, the crucial thing to notice here is that this is a factual claim. This is something we could be right or wrong about. If we've misconstrued the relationship between biological complexity and the possibilities of experience, well then we could be wrong about the inner lives of insects. There is no notion, no version of human morality and human values that I've ever come across, that is not at some point reducible to a concern about conscious experience and its possible changes. Or even if you get your values from religion, even if you think that good and evil ultimately relate to conditions after death, either to an eternity of happiness with God or an eternity of suffering and hell, you are still concerned about consciousness and its changes. And to say that such changes can persist after death is itself a factual claim, which of course may or may not be true. Now, to speak about the conditions of well-being in this life for human beings, we know that there is a continuum of such facts. We know that it's possible to live in a failed state, where everything that can go wrong does go wrong, where mothers cannot feed their children, where strangers cannot find the basis for peaceful collaboration, where people are murdered in discriminatory. And we know that it's possible to move along this continuum. For something quite a bit more ideal, to a place where a conference like this is even conceivable. And we know that there are right and wrong answers to how to move in this space. And what would adding cholera to the water be a good idea? Well, probably not. It would be a good idea for everyone to believe in the evil eye, so that when bad things happen to them, they immediately blame their neighbors. Probably not. There are truths to be known about how human communities flourish, whether or not we understand these truths, and morality relates to these truths. So in talking about values, we are talking about facts.