 In 1827 a fellow called George Pocock actually pioneered the use of cuts for towing buggies in races against horse carriages across the English countryside. Then of course the dawn of aviation, all of the great inventors of the time like Hargraze, like Langley, even Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone was flying this part, were doing so in the pursuit of aviation. And then these two fellows came along and they were flying kites to develop the control systems that would ultimately enable powered human flight. So this is of course oval and will be right and the right flyer. Their experiments with kites led to this momentous occasion where we powered up and took off for the first ever 12 second human flight. And that was fantastic for the future of commercial aviation but unfortunately it relegated kites once again to be considered children's stories. That was until the 1970s where we had the last energy crisis. An affabulous man called Miles Lloyd who lives on the outskirts of San Francisco wrote this seminal paper that was completely ignored in the journal of energy about how to use basically an airplane on a piece of screen to generate enormous amounts of electricity. The real key observation he made is that a free flying wing can sweep through more sky and generate more power in a unit of time than a fixed wind turbine. The turbines grew and they can now span up to 300 feet at the hub height but they can't really go a lot higher and more height is where more wind is and more power as much as twice as much. So cut to now we have still have an energy crisis and now we have a climate crisis as well. So humans generate about 12 trillion watts or 12 terawatts from fossil fuels and Al Gore has spoken to why we need to hit one of these targets. In reality what that means is in the next 30 to 40 years we have to make 10 trillion watts or more of new clean energy somehow. Wind is the second largest renewable resource after solar, 3600 terawatts more than enough to supply humanity 200 times over. The majority of it is in higher altitudes above 300 feet where we don't have a technology as yet to get there. So this is the dawn of the new age of pipes. This is our test site on Maui flying across the sky. I'm now going to show you the first autonomous generation of power by every child's favorite plaything. As you can tell you need to be a robot to fly this thing for thousands of hours. Make sure little nauseous. And here we're actually generating about 10 kilowatts so enough to power probably 5 United States households with a kite not much larger than this piano. And the real significant thing here is we're developing the control systems as did the right brothers that would enable sustained long duration flight and it doesn't hurt to do it in a location like this either. So this is the equivalent for a kite flyer of ping in the snow that's tracing your