 And so here's what I came up with. I started settling with it. Came up with this letter. This is a letter of the alphabet that's been folded just once. The question is which letter is it? If I unfold it and at one hint, it's not L. It could be L, of course. So what else could it be? Yeah, a lot of you got it. Oh yeah, so clever thing. Now that was my first puzzle I got hooked. I mean, I created something new at this. I was very excited. Because you know, I made crossword puzzles, but that's where like going in somebody else's matrix. This was something really original. I got hooked. I read Martin Gardner's columns inside just American went on, eventually decided to devote myself full time to that. Now I should pause and say, what do I mean by puzzle? A puzzle is a problem that is fund a solve and has a right answer. Fund a solve as opposed to everyday problems, which frankly are not very well designed puzzles. You know, that might have a solution might take you a long time. Nobody's wrote down the rules clearly. Who designed this? It's like, you know, life is not a very well written story. So we have to hire writers to make movies. Well, I take everyday problems and make puzzles out of them and right answer. Of course, there might be more than one in right answer. Many puzzles have more than, but as opposed to a couple other forms of play toys and games by toy. I mean, some of you play with it doesn't have a particular goal. You can create one out of Legos, but you know, you can do anything you want or competitive games like chess where well, you're not trying to solve. You can make a chess puzzle, but the goal it really is to be to another player. I Consider that puzzles are an art form. They're very ancient. It goes back as long as there's written history. It's a very small form like a joke a poem, a magic trick or a song, a very compact form. At worst, you know, there are throwaways, a form amusement, but at best they can reach for something more and create a memorable impression. The progression of my career that you'll see is looking for creating puzzles that have a memorable impact. So one thing I found early on when I started doing computer games is that I could create puzzles that will alter your perception. I'll show you how. Here's a famous one. So it's two profiles in black or a white, vase in the middle. This is called a figure ground illusion. The artist's MC Esher exploited that in some of his wonderful prints. Here we have day and night. Here's what I did with figuring ground. So here we have figure in black. Here we have figure in white and it's all part of the same design. The background to one is the other. Originally I tried to do the words figure and ground, but I couldn't do that and I realized I changed the problem. It's all figure. If you have the things, here's my name. And that turns into