 information. And so what I started thinking was perhaps there's something like open source intelligence here, if we can get enough of these streams of information together, we can perhaps start to understand the war. And so this is exactly what I did. We started bringing a team together and interdisciplinary team of scientists, of economists, mathematicians. And we brought these guys together and we started to try and solve this. And we did it in three steps. The first step we did was to collect and we did 130 different sources of information from NGO reports to newspapers and cable news. And we brought this war data and we filtered it. And we extracted the key bits of information to build the database. And that database contained the timing of attacks, the location, the size and the weapons used. It's all in the streams of information we can share in daily. We just have to know how to pull it out. And once we had this, we could start doing some cool stuff. What if we would have looked at the distribution of the sizes of attacks? What would that tell us? And so we started doing this. And you can see here on the horizontal axis, you've got the number of people killed in an attack or the size of the attack. And on the vertical axis, you've got the number of attacks. And so we put that up for sample on this. You see some sort of random distribution. Perhaps 67 attacks, one person was killed or 47 attacks with seven people were killed. And we did this exact same thing for rock. And we didn't know for a rock what we were going to find. And it turns out what we found was pretty surprising. You take all of the conflict, all the chaos, all the noise. And out of that comes this precise mathematical distribution of the way attacks awarded in this conflict. And this blew our mind. Why should a conflict like a rock have this as this fundamental signature? Why should it be order and war? And we didn't really understand that. But we thought maybe this something special about a rock. And so we looked at a few more conflicts. We looked at Colombia, we looked at Afghanistan, and we looked at Senegal. And the same pattern emerged in ancient conflict. This wasn't supposed to happen. These are different wars with different religious factions, different political factions, and different social economic problems. And yet the fundamental patterns underlying them are the same. And so we went a little wider. And we looked around the world at all the data we could get our hands on. From Peru to Indonesia, we studied the same pattern again. And we found that not only were the distributions these straight lines, but the slope of those lines they cost that around this value of L3 plus 2.5. And we could generate an equation that predict the likelihood of an attack. What we're saying here is the probability of an attack killing X number of people in a country like a rock is equal to a constant times the size of that attack raised to the power of negative alpha. And negative alpha is the slight of that line I showed you before.