 and the visuals on stage. Now, with a topic, there's a whole range of topics you can choose, but you should choose wisely, because your topic strongly correlates with how users will react to your talk. Now, to make this more concrete, let's look at the list of top 10 words that statistically stick out in the most favorite TED talks and in the least favorite TED talks. So if you came here to talk about how French coffee will spread happiness in our brains, that's a goal. Whereas if you wanted to talk about your project involving oxygen, girls, aircraft, actually I would like to hear that talk, but statistics say it's not so good. Well, if you generalize this, the most favorite TED talks are those that feature topics we can connect with both easily and deeply, such as happiness, our own body, food, emotions, and the more technical topics such as architecture, materials, and strangely enough men, those are not good topics to talk about. How should you deliver your talk? TED is famous for keeping a very sharp eye on the clock, so they're going to hate me for revealing this, because actually you should talk as long as they will let you, because the most favorite TED talks are on average over 50% longer than the least favorite ones. And this holds true for all ranking lists on TED.com, except if you want to have a talk that's beautiful, inspiring or fun, then you should be brief. But other than that, talk until they drag you off the stage. Now, while you're pushing the clock, there's a few rules to obey. I found these rules out by comparing the statistics of four word phrases that appear more often in the most favorite TED talks as opposed to the least favorite TED talks. I'll give you three examples. First of all, I must, as a speaker, provide a service to the audience and talk about what I will give you, instead of saying what I can't have. Secondly, it's imperative that you do not cite the New York Times. And finally, it's OK for the speaker. That's a good news to pay intellectual capacity. If I don't understand something, I can just say, et cetera, et cetera. You'll all stay with me. It's perfectly fine. Now, let's go to the visuals. The most obvious visual thing on stage is the speaker. And analysis shows if you want to be among the most favorite TED speakers, you should let your hair grow a little bit longer than average. Make sure you wear your glasses and be slightly more dressed up than the average TED speaker. Slides are OK, though you might consider going for props. And now the most important thing, that is the mood on stage. Calla plays a very important role. Calla, closely.