 asteroid hitting the earth, but he plays the likelihood of one such event above all others at close to 100%, and that is a severe flu pandemic. Now you might think of flu as just a really bad cold, but it can be a death sentence. Every year 36,000 people in the United States die of seasonal flu. In the developing world, the date is much sketchier, but the death toll is almost certainly higher. You know, the problem is, is if this virus occasionally mutates, so dramatically, it essentially is a new virus, and then we get a pandemic. In 1918, a new virus appeared that killed some 50 to 100 million people. It spread like wildfire and some died with an hours of developing symptoms. Are we safer today? Well, we seem to have dodged the deadly pandemic this year that most of us feared, but this threat could reappear at any time. The good news is that we're at a moment in time when science technology globalization is converging to create an unprecedented possibility. The possibility to make history by preventing infectious diseases is still account for one fifth of all deaths and countless misery on Earth. We can do this. We're already preventing millions of deaths with existing vaccines, and if we get these to more people, we can certainly save more lives. But with new or better vaccines for malaria, TB, HIV, pneumonia, diarrhea, flu, we could end suffering that has been on the Earth since the beginning of time. So I'm here to trump at vaccines for you, but first I have to explain why they're important, because vaccines, the power of them, is really like a whisper. When they work, they can make history, but after a while, you can barely hear them. Now, some of us are old enough to have a small circular scar on our arms from an inoculation we received as children. But when was the last time you worried about smallpox, a disease that killed half a billion people last century and no longer is with us? Or polio, how many of you remember the iron lung? We don't see scenes like this anymore because of vaccines. Now, you know, it's interesting because there are 30 odd diseases that can be treated with vaccines now, but we're still threatened by things like HIV and flu. Why is that? Well, here's the dirty little secret. Until recently, we haven't had to know exactly how a vaccine worked. We knew they worked through old-fashioned trial and error. You took a pathogen, you modified it, you injected it into a person or an animal, and you saw what happened. This worked well.