 This brings us to why a lot of us who are professionals are now as they say in diaspora. Now are we going to make that a permanent thing where we all get trained and we leave? And we don't go back. Perhaps not. I should certainly hope not because that is not my vision. Alright, for good measure, that's where Nigeria is on the African map. And just there is the Delta region that I'm sure everybody's heard of. People get kidnapped. Where the oil comes from. The oil that sometimes I think has driven us all crazy in Nigeria. But critical poverty, this slide is from me. Presentation I gave not that long ago. Gap mind that. Oh, tells the story of the gap between Africa and the rest of the world in terms of health care. Very interesting. Yeah. How many people do you think are on that taxi? I believe it or not. That is a taxi in Nigeria. In the capital, what used to be the capital of Nigeria? Legos. That's a taxi. And you have police on you. So tell me how many people do you think? How many policemen do you think on this taxi? And now three. So when these kind of people and believe me, it's not just police that use these taxes in Legos, we all do. I've been on one of these and I didn't have the help and it's either. And it just reminds me of the thoughts of what happens when one of us on a taxi like this falls off, hasn't accident and needs a hospital. Believe it or not, some of us do survive. Some of us do survive malaria. We do survive AIDS. And like I tell my family and my wife reminds me every time you're risking your life, you know, every time you go to that country and she's right. Every time you go there, you know that if you actually need critical care. People care of any sorts. If you have an accident of which there are many accidents everywhere. Where do they go? Where do they go when they need help for this kind of stuff? I'm not saying instead of I'm saying as well as AIDS, TB, malaria, typhoid, the list goes on. I'm saying where do they go when they're like me? When I go back home and I do all kinds of things, teach, I train, but I can't want to do these things or I'm chronically ill with one of those. Where do they go? What's the economic impact when one of them dies or becomes disabled?