 and the Prime Nation. Since 1993, I've explored experience and experimented enterprise and capitalism to my heart's content. I built along with my two brothers, the leading real estate company in my home state Kerala and then worked professionally with two of India's biggest businessmen but in their startup enterprises. In 2002-3, when I stepped out of the pure play capitalistic sector to work on so-called social sector issues, I definitely did not have any grant strategy or plan to pursue and find for profit solutions to addressing pressing public issues. When life brought about a series of debt and near debt experiences within my close circle, which highlighted the need for an emergency medical response service in India similar to 911 in USA. To address this, I along with four friends founded ambulance access for all to promote life support ambulance services in India. For those from the developing world, there's nothing, absolutely nothing new in this idea. But as we envisioned it, we had three key goals, providing world-class life support ambulance service which is fully self-sustainable from its own revenue streams and universally accessible to anyone in a medical emergency, irrespective of the capability to pay. The service which grew out of this dial 1298 for ambulance with one ambulance in 2004 now has 100 plus ambulance of three states and has transported over 100,000 patients and victims since inception. The service has fully self-sustainable from its own revenue without accessing any public funds and the cross subsidy model actually works where the rich pays higher, poor pays lower and the accident victims getting the service free of charge. The service responded effectively and efficiently during the unfortunate 2611 Mumbai terror attacks. And as you can see from the visuals, the service was responding and rescuing victims from the incident locations even before the police could cordon off the incident locations and formally confirm it as a terrorist strike. We ended up being the first medical response team in every incident location and transported 125 victims saving life. In tribute and remembrance of 2611 attacks over the last one year.