 I know I said I'm aware of this custom but I really like my tea sweet. In response he gave me an even more courty as version of the same explanation. One does not put sugar in green tea. I understand I said that the Japanese do not put sugar in their green tea but I'd like to put some sugar in my green tea. Surprise by my insistence the waiter had to take up the issue with the manicure. Maybe soon a lengthy discussion ensued and finally the manager came over to me and said I'm very sorry we do not have sugar. Well since I couldn't have my tea the way I wanted it I ordered a cup of coffee which the waiter brought over promptly. Resting on the saucer were two packets of sugar. My failure to procure myself a cup of sweet green tea was not due to a simple misunderstanding. This was due to a fundamental difference in our ideas about choice. For my American perspective when a paying customer makes a reasonable request based on her preferences she has every right to have that request met. The American way to quote Burger King is to have it your way because a Starbucks says happiness is in your choices. But from the Japanese perspective it's their duty to protect those who don't know any better. In this case the ignorant guy Jim from making the wrong choice. Let's face it the way I wanted my teams inappropriate according to cultural standards and they were doing their best to help me say face. Americans tend to believe that they've reached some sort of pinnacle in the way they practice choice. They think the choice is seen through the American lens best fulfills and innate and universal desire for choice in all humans. Unfortunately these beliefs are based on assumptions that don't always hold true. Many countries in many cultures at times they don't even hold true in America's own borders. I'd like to discuss some of these assumptions and the problems associated with them. As I do so I help you start thinking about some of your own assumptions and how they were shaped by your backgrounds. First assumption. If a choice affects you then you should be the one to make it. This is the only way to ensure that your preferences and interests will be most fully accounted for. It is essential for success. In America the primary locus of choice is the individual. People must choose for themselves. Sometimes sticking to their guns regardless of what other people want or recommend. It's called being true to yourself. But do all individuals benefit from taking such an approach to choice?