 praying mantises, which also have a fast feeding appendage. And I started to think, well, maybe it would be interesting while listening to their sounds to figure out how these animals generate very fast feeding starts. And so today I'll talk about the extreme stomatopods strike, work that I've done in collaboration with White Corp and Roy Caldwell. So Mantis from Come into Varieties, there are spurs and smashes. And this is a sparing Mantis shrimp or stomatopod. And he lives in the sand and he catches things that go by overhead. So a quick strike like that. And if we slow it down a little bit, this is the Mantis shrimp, the same species, recorded at 1,000 frames per second, played back at 15 frames per second. And you can see it's just a really spectacular extension of the limbs, exploding upward to actually just catch a dead piece of shrimp that I've offered it. Now the other type of Mantis shrimp is the smasher, stomatopod. And these guys open up snails for a living. And so this guy gets the snail off it up and gives it a good whack. So I'll play it one more time. He wiggles it in place, tags it with his nose, and smash. And a few smashes later, the snail is broken open and he's got a good dinner. So the smasher, reptile appendage can stab with the point at the end or it can smash with the heel. And today I'll talk about the smashing type of strike. And so the first question that came to mind was, well, how fast does this limb move? Because it's moving pretty darn fast in that video. And I immediately came upon a problem. Every single high speed video system in the biology department at Berkeley wasn't fast enough to catch this movement. We simply couldn't capture it on video. And so this had me stymied for quite a long period of time. And then a BBC crew came cruising through the biology department looking for a story to do about new technologies and biology. And so we struck a video. I said, well, if you guys rent the high speed video system that could capture these movements, you guys can film us call up in the data. And believe it or not, they went for it. So we got this incredible video system. It's very new technology. It just came out about a year ago that allows you to film at extremely high speeds in low light. And low light is the critical issue of filming animals because it's too high. You try them. So this is a, this is a mattress shrimp. There are the eyes up here. And there's that raptorial appendage and there's the heel. Not these must swing around and smash the snail. And the snail's wired to a stick. So these will be able to set up the shot. And yes, I hope there aren't any snail rights activists around here. So this is filmed at 5,000 frames per second. And I'm playing it back at 15. And so to slow down, 333 times. And as you'll notice,