 of a sense of social responsibility in so many of the talks, global responsibility in fact, appealing to enlightened self-interest, but it goes far beyond enlightened self-interest. One most impressive thing about what some perhaps, ten of the speakers have been talking about is the realization as you listen to them carefully that they're not saying, well, this is what we should do. This is what I would like you to do. This is what I have done because I'm excited about it because it's a wonderful thing and it's done something for me and of course it's accomplished. A great deal. It's the old concept, the real Greek concept of philanthropy in its original sense, Philanthropy, the love of humankind and the only explanation I can have for some of what you've been hearing in the last four days is that arises, in fact, out of a form of love. This gives me enormous hope. I'm hoping, of course, is the topic that I'm supposed to be speaking about which I'd completely forgotten about until I arrived. When I did, I thought, well, I'd better look this word up in the dictionary. Sarah and I, my wife walked over to the public library which is four blocks away on Pacific Street. We got the OED and we looked in there and there were 14 definitions of hope. None of which really hits you between the eyes is being the appropriate one. Of course, that makes sense because hope is an abstract phenomenon. It's an abstract idea. It's not a concrete word. Well, it reminds me a little bit of surgery. If there's one operation for a disease, you know, it works. If there are 15 operations, you know that none and that's the way it is with definitions, words. If you have appendicitis, they take your appendix out, you're cured. If you've got reflocks, the soft agitis, the 15 procedures, Joe Shmo does it one way, Will Blow does it another way, none of the work and that's the way it is for this word. Hope. They all come down to the idea of an expectation of something good that is due to happen. And you know what I found out? The Indo-European root of the word hope is a stem, K-E-U, we would spell it, K-E-U, it's pronounced Koi and it is the same root from which the word curve comes from. But what it means in the original Indo-European is a change in direction going in a different way. And I find that very interesting, very provocative because what you have been hearing in the last couple of days is the sense of going in different directions, directions that are specific and unique to problems. There are different paradigms, you've heard that word. So, the times in the last four days and everybody's familiar with Kunian paradigms. So when we think of hope now, we have to think