 China. Daimaju is 13 years old at the time the story starts. She lives with her parents, her two brothers and her great aunt. They have a hut that has no electricity, no running water, no wristwatch, no bicycle, and they share this great splendor with a very large pig. Daimaju was in sixth grade when her parents said, we're going to pull you out of school because the $13 school fees are too much for us. You're going to be spending the rest of your life in the rice paddies. Why would we waste this money on you? This is what happens to girls in remote areas. Turns out that Daimaju was the best pupil in her grade. She still made the two-hour trek to the schoolhouse and tried to capture every little bit of information that seaped out of the doors. We wrote about her in the New York Times. We got a flood of donations. Mostly $13 checks because New York Times readers are very generous in tiny amounts. But then we got a money transfer for $10,000. Really nice guy. We turned the money over to that man there, the principal of the school. He was delighted. He thought, oh, I can renovate the school. I can give scholarships to all the girls. They work hard and stand school. So Daimaju basically finished out middle school. She went to high school. She went to vocational school for accounting. She scouted for jobs down in Guangdong province in the south. She found a job. She scouted for classmates and her friends. She sent money back to her family. They built a new house this time with running water, electricity, a bicycle, no pig. What we saw with a natural experiment, it is rare to get an exogenous investment in girls education. And over the years as we followed Daimaju, we were able to see that she was able to move out of a vicious cycle and into a virtuous cycle. She not only changed her own dynamics. She changed her household. She changed her family, her village. The village became a real standout. Of course, most of China was flourishing at the time, but they were able to get a road built to lengthen them up to the rest of China. And that brings me to my first major of two tenants of Half the Sky. And that is that the central moral challenge of this century is gender inequity. In the 19th century, it was slavery. In the 20th century, it was totalitarianism. The cause of our time is the brutality that so many people face around the world because of their gender. So some of you may be thinking, gosh, that's hyperbole. She's exaggerating. Let me ask you this question. How many of you think there are more males or more females in the world? Let me take a poll. How many do you think there are more males in the world? Hands up, please. How many do you think there are more females in the world?