 living organisms to reduce populations of notches, plant pests. So, so hope, discipline, in plant protection, the AEMIG introduction of the animals. And by watching Test Control, by the way, or these big bugs that you are talking about, they existed in the world for thousands of thousands of years. For a long time, but only the last 120 years, people started or people knew more about how to use this biological control phenomenon, or in fact, natural control phenomenon to their own means. Because biological control phenomenon, you can see in your bedroom, just taking magnifying glass, you see what they have here, that's a magnifying glass. Time stand. Time stand, just open it, you just twist leaves, and you see a whole new world of by new insects, onto spiders, of one millimeter, one and half, two millimeter, two millimeter, two meters long, and these things, we did the good ones, and the bad ones. So, this phenomenon of natural control exists literally everywhere. Here in front of this building, I assure you, just have a look at the plants. So, it's everywhere, and we need to know how to explore it. Well, let us just hand by hand and browse through just a few examples. What is a pest? What damage it actually flips on the plant? And what is the natural enemy the biological control agent of the good bug that we are talking about? In general, I'm going to talk about insects and spiders or mints, let us call them insects, those six leg organisms, and spider or mice, the eight leg organisms. Let's have a look at that. Here is a pest, let us say a pest, a spider bite, because it does a lot of webbing like this spider. You see a mother in between, and two daughters probably on the left, and the right and a single egg on the right hand side, and then you see what kind of damage you can inflict on your right hand side, you can see a cuba release, and in the middle, cotton leaf, and on the left, a tomato leaf with these little stippling that can literally turn from green to white because of the sucking, piercing amount caused those spiders. But here comes nature that provides us with a good spider. This is a predatory one, just as small as the spider bite one day. What may be to to be to long, not all the dead. Run quickly, hunting, chasing the spider bites, and here you can see this lady in action. On your left hand side, just pierces such the bone fluids on the left hand side of the pest bite, and after five minutes, this is what you see. Just typical dead corpse shrieve to suck out dead parts of the spider bite, and next to it, do satiated individuals of predatory