 who live in 800 slums. We couldn't go to all the slums but we tried to cover as much as we could. We walked through these slums, identified houses where children would never go to school. We talked to the parents, tried to convince them about sending their children to school. We played with the children and came back home really tired, exhausted but in with images of bright faces, twinkling eyes and went to sleep. We were all excited to start. But the numbers hit us them. 200 million children between 4 to 14 that should be going to school but do not. 100 million children who go to school but cannot read 125 million who cannot do basic maths. We also heard that 250 billion Indian rupees was dedicated for government schooling, 90% to let us spend on teacher salary and administrators salary. And yet India has nearly the highest teacher absentism in the world with one out of four teachers not going to school at all the entire academic year. Those numbers were absolutely mind boggling, overwhelming. And we were constantly asked when will you start, how many schools will you start, how many children will you get, how you going to scale, how are you going to replicate. It was very difficult not to get scared, not to get dunted but we dug our heads and said we are not in the number game. We want to take one child at a time and take the child right through school, send to college and get them prepared for better living, a high valued job. So we started the first parikramas and we started in a slum where there were 70,000 people living below the poverty line. We started our first school was on a rooftop of a building inside the slums, a second story building, only second story building inside the slums. And that rooftop did not have any ceiling only half a thin sheet because our first school, 165 children, Indian academic year begins in June. So June it rains so many at times all of us would be huddled under the tin who are waiting for the rain to stop. My God what a bonding exercise that was. And all of us that were under the tree are still here together.