 or at her of the day, why him? And why is it that the Wright brothers were able to figure out control-powered man flight when there were certainly other teams who were better qualified, better funded? And they didn't achieve power-man flight in the Wright brothers, beat them to it. There's something else at play here. About three and a half years ago, I made a discovery. And this discovery profoundly changed my view on how I thought the world worked and it even profoundly changed the way in which I operate in it. As it turns out, there's a pattern. As it turns out, all the great and inspiring leaders and organizations in the world, whether it's Apple or Martin Luther King or the Wright brothers, they all think, act, and communicate the exact same way. And it's the complete opposite to everyone else. All I did was codify it. And it's probably the world's simplest idea. I call it the golden circle. Why, how, what? This little idea explains why some organizations and some leaders are able to inspire where others aren't. Let me define the terms really quickly. Every single person, every single organization on the planet knows what they do, 100%. Some know how they do it. Would you call it your differentiating value proposition or your proprietary process or your USP, but very, very few people will organizations know why they do what they do. And by why I don't mean to make a profit. That's a result. It's always a result. By why, I mean, what's your purpose, what's your cause, what's your belief? Why does your organization exist? Why do you get out of bed in the morning? And why should anyone care? Well, as a result, the way we think, the way we act, the way we communicate is from the outside in. It's obvious. We go from the clearest thing to the fuzziest thing. But the inspired leaders and the inspired organizations, regardless of their size, regardless of their industry, all think acting communicate from the inside out. Let me give you an example. I use Apple because you don't understand and everybody gets it. If Apple were like everyone else, a marketing message from them might sound like this. We make great computers. They're beautifully designed, simple to use and user friendly. Wanna buy one? And that's how most of us communicate. That's how most marketing is done. That's how most sales are done. And that's how most of us communicate into person. We say what we do. We say how we're different or how we better and we expect some sort of behavior or purchase of votes, something like that. Here's our new offer. We have the best lawyers with the biggest clients. We have, you know, we always perform for our clients, do business with us. Here's our new car. It gets great gas mileage.