 I have an interest in education. Actually, what I find is everybody has an interest in education. Don't you? I found this very interesting. You do that at a dinoparty and you say you work in education. Actually, you're not often at dinoparties. If you work in education, you're not asked. And you'll never ask back, seriously. That's interesting. But if you are art and you say to somebody, let's say what do you do and you say you work in education, you can see the blood runs in their face. They're like, oh my God, you know why me? It's my one night out all week. But if you ask people about their education, they can use the wall. Because it's one of those things that goes deep with people. I'm alright. I'm like religion and money and other things. So I have a big interest in education. I think we all do. We have a huge vested interest in it partly because it's education that's meant to take us into this future that we can't grasp. If you think of it, children's starting school this year will be retiring in 2065. Nobody has a clue despite all the expertise that's been on parade for the past four days. What the world will look like in five years time and yet we're meant to be educating for it. So the unpredictability I think is extraordinary. And the third part of this is that we've all agreed nonetheless on the really extraordinary capacities that children have, their capacities for innovation. I mean, Serena last night was a marvel. Wasn't she just seeing what you could do? And she's exceptional, but I think she's not so to speak exceptional in the whole of childhood. What you have there is a person with extraordinary dedication and found a talent. And my contention is all kids have tremendous talents and we squandered them pretty ruthlessly. So I want to talk about education and I want to talk about creativity. My contention is that creativity now is as important in education as literacy and we should treat it with the same stakers. That was it. Oh, I'm bigger than you so. So 15 minutes left. Well, I was born. No, the... I had a great story recently. I loved turning it up. I have a little girl who was in a drawing lesson. She was six and she was at the back drawing and the teacher said, this little girl had to ever pay attention. And in this drawing lesson she did. And the teacher was passing it. She went over to and she said, what are you drawing? And the girl said, I'm drawing a picture of God. And the teacher said, but nobody knows what God looks like. And the girl said, they were in the minute.