 Don't you feel? So this whole event has been an elaborate build-up to me doing another one for you. So here it is. Al Gore spoke at the TED conference I spoke at four years ago and talked about the climate crisis. I referenced that at the end of my last talk. So I want to pick up from there because I only had 18 minutes frankly. So that's how it's seen. You see he's right. I mean there is a major climate crisis obviously and I think if people don't believe it they should get an bore. But I believe there's a second climate crisis which is as severe which has the same origins and that we have to deal with with the same urgency. And I mean by this and you may say by the way look I'm good you know I have one climate crisis. I don't really the second one. But this is a crisis of not natural resources though I believe that's true. But a crisis of human resources. I believe fundamentally as many speakers have said during the past few days that we make very poor use of our talents. Very many people go through their whole lives having no real sense of what their talents may be or if they have any to speak on. I meet all kinds of people who don't think they're really good at anything. Actually I kind of divide the world into two groups now Jeremy Bentham the great utilitarian philosopher once spiked this argument. He said there are two types of people in this world. Those who divide the world into two types and those who do not. Well I do and I meet all kinds of people who don't enjoy what they do they simply go through their lines getting on them. They get no great pleasure from what they do they endure it rather than enjoy it and wait for the weekend. But I also meet people who love what they do and couldn't imagine doing anything else if you said to them don't do this anymore they'd wonder what you're talking about. Because it isn't what they do it's who they are they say that this is me you know it would be foolish me to abandon this because it speaks to my most authentic self. And it's not true of enough people in fact on the contrary I think it's sort of a message.