 led by peasant-born Paul Pock, the Camille Rouge evacuates people to the countryside, in order to create a rural, communist utopia, much like Moutsuton's cultural revolution in China. The Camille Rouge closes the doors to the outside world, but after four years the grim truth seats out. In a country of only seven million people, one and a half million were murdered by their own leaves. Their bodies piled in the mass graves of the killing people. So notwithstanding the 1970s narration, on April 17, 1975 we lived in Compan. And my parents were told by the Camille Rouge to evacuate the city because of the Penning American bombing for three days. And here's a picture of the Camille Rouge. They were actually young soldiers, the child soldiers. And this is very normal now, modern day conflict because they're easy to bring it to wars. The reason that they gave about American bombing was in all that far off. In 1965 to 1973 there were more munitions that fell on Cambodia than in all of World War II Japan, including the two nuclear bombs of August 1945. The Camille Rouge didn't believe in money, so the equivalent of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cambodia was bombed, but not just that, they actually banned money. I think it's the only precedent which money has ever been stopped being used. And we know money is a root of all evil, but it didn't actually stop evil from happening in Cambodia in fact. My family was moved from Penning Pant to Per Sat province. This is a picture of what Per Sat looks like, actually a very pretty area of Cambodia where rice growing takes place. And in fact they were forced to work the fields. My father and mother ended up in a sort of concentration camp, labor camp. And it was at that time that my mother got word from the commune chief that the Vietnamese were actually asking for their citizens to go back to Vietnam. And she spoke some Vietnamese as a child having grown up with Vietnamese friends and she decided despite the advice of her neighbors that she would take the chance and claim to be Vietnamese so that we could have a chance to survive. Because at this point they're forcing everybody to work and they're giving about the modern day caloric restriction diet, I guess. They're giving porridge with a few grains of rice. And at about this time actually my father got very sick and he didn't speak Vietnamese so he died actually in January 1976 and it made it possible in fact for us to take on this plan. So the Cameraman's took us from a place called Per Sat to Pak Khi which is across from the border from Vietnam and there they had a detention camp where alleged Vietnamese would be tested, language tested. And my mother's Vietnamese were so bad.