 And namely, at least for a very long period, and no one is taking care of plants. No one need to take care of every kind of bird, of every kind of animal, of every kind of creature that moves, but no mention about plants. What? In another part of the same story, all the living creatures, just the living creatures that came out from the heart, so birds, livestock, and white animals, plants are not living creatures. This is the point. It's a point that is not coming out from the Bible, but it's something that is really a campaigned humanity. Let's have a look at this nice code that is coming from a Renaissance book. Here, we have the description of the order of nature. It's a nice description because it's starting from life, you have the stones. Immediately after the stones, the plants that are just able to live. We have the animals that are able to live in to sense. And on the top of the pyramid, there is the man. It's not a common man. It's the almost studio, so it's the studying man. This is quite comforting for people like me, and a professor, just to be over there on the top of a creation, but it's something completely wrong. You know very well about professor, but it's also wrong about plants. Because plants are not just able to live, they are able to sense. They are much more sophisticated in sensing than animals. Just to give you an example, every single root apex, it's able to detect it to monitor concurrently and continuously at least 15 different chemical and physical parameters. And they are also able to show and to exhibit such a wonderful and complex behavior that can be described just with the terms of intelligence. Well, but this is something, it is under the estimation of plants is something that it's always with us. Let's have a look at this short movie now. We have David Attenberg. Now David Attenberg gets really a plant lover. He did some of the most beautiful movie about plant behavior. Now when he speaks about plants, everything is correct. When he speaks about animals, tended to remove the fact that plants exist. The blue well, the biggest creature that exists on the planet, that is wrong. Completely wrong, the blue well, it's a dwarf. If compared with the real biggest creature that exists on the planet that is wonderful, egg magnificent, Sequoia d'Enron, Giganteum. And this is a living organism that have a mass of at least 2000 tons.