 figure out what primitives they could be built up from and how they could be automated as much as possible. Eventually I created a whole structure based on symbolic programming and so on that let me build Mathematica. And for the past 23 years at an increasing rate we've been pouring more and more ideas and capabilities and so on into Mathematica and happy to say that that's led to many good things in R&D and education, lots of other areas. Well, I have to admit actually that I had also had a very selfish reason for building Mathematica. I wanted to use it myself a bit like Galileo got to use his telescope 400 years ago but I wanted to look not at the astronomical universe but at the computational universe. So we normally think of programs as being complicated things that we build for very specific purposes but what about the space of all possible programs? Here's a representation of a really simple program. So if we run this program this is what we get. Very simple. So let's try changing the rule for this program a little bit. Now we get another result. Still very simple. Try changing it again. Got something a little bit more complicated but if we keep running this for a while we find out that although the pattern you get is very intricate it has a very regular structure. So the question is can anything else happen? Well we can do a little experiment. Let's just do a little Mathematica experiment and try and find out. Let's just run all possible programs of the particular type that we're looking at they're called cellular automata. You can see a lot of diversity in the behavior here. Most of them do very simple things but if you look along all these different pictures at rule number 30 you start to see something interesting going on. So let's take a closer look at rule number 30 here. So here it is. We just follow in this very simple rule at the bottom here but we're getting all this amazing stuff. It's not at all what we're used to and I must say that when I first saw this it came as a huge shock to my intuition and in fact to understand it I eventually had to create a whole new kind of science. The science is different more general than the mathematics based science that we've had for the past 300 or so years. You know it's always seemed like a big mystery how nature seemingly so effortlessly manages to produce so much that seems to us so complex. Well I think we found it secret. It's just sampling what's out there in the computational universe and quite often getting things like rule 30 or like this. And knowing that starts to explain a lot of long-standing mysteries in science. It also brings up new issues though like computational irreducibility. I mean we're used to having science let us predict things but something like this is a