 This meant they must have been closer together in the past. If we extrapolate back, we find they must have all been on top of each other about 15 billion years ago. This was a big bang, the beginning of the universe. But was there anything before the big bang? If not, what created the universe? Why did the universe emerge from the big bang, the way it did? We used to think that the theory of the universe could be divided into two parts. First there were the laws like Maxwell's equations and general relativity that determined the evolution of the universe, getting it stayed over all space at one time. When said, there was a question of the initial state of the universe. We have made good progress on the first part, and now have a knowledge of the laws of evolution in all by the most extreme conditions. But until recently, we have had little idea about the initial conditions for the universe. However, this division into laws of evolution and initial conditions depends on time and space being separated and distinct. Under extreme conditions, general relativity and quantum theory allowed time to behave by a product-regumention of space. This removes a distinction between time and space, and means the laws of evolution can also determine the initial state. The universe can spontaneously create itself out of nothing. Moreover, we can calculate the probabilities that the universe is created in different states. These predictions are an excellent agreement with observations like the WMAP satellite, of the cosmic micro-weight background, which is an imprint of the very early universe. We think we have solved the mystery of creation. Maybe we should patent the universe and charge everyone royalties for their existence. I now turn to the second big question, are we alone, or is there under life in the universe? We believe that life arose spontaneously on the Earth, so it must be possible for life to appear on other suitable planets, of which there seems to be a large number in the galaxy. But we don't know