 and start talking about some of these incredible perceptions about how the universe works. And they would inevitably end up in what our font was a very bizarre place, which is ways the world could end very suddenly. And that's what I want to talk about today. I want to talk about it. All you left is, and I want to talk about it. I want to talk about that. I want to talk about it. I want to talk about it. I want to talk about it. I need the time. At first, it all seemed a little fantastical to me, but after challenging a lot of these ideas, I began to take a lot of them serious. And then September 11th happened. And I thought, oh, I can't get it. I can't talk about our world. Nobody wants to hear that. I want to talk about this. And that comes into a discussion with some other people, other scientists about maybe some other subjects. And one of the guys I talked to was Neuroscientists. You know, I think there are a lot of solutions to the problems you brought up, and reminds me of Michael's talk yesterday, and his mother is saying, you can't have a solution if you want to have a problem. So we went out looking for solutions to ways that the world might end tomorrow, and long behold we found them. Which leads me to a videotape of a present bush, a present of some couple weeks ago. We run the end of the end of the end of the end of the end. So we would have a cost to defend our security. And whatever it costs to defend our freedom, we must take it. I agree with the present. He wants $2 trillion to protect us from Harrison's fear. $2 trillion dollar federal budget, which will land us back into deficit spending real fast. But terrorists aren't the only threat we face. There are really serious calamities staring us in the eye that we're in the same kind of denial about, that we were about terrorism and what could have happened on September 11th. I've proposed therefore that if we took $10 billion to get $2.13 trillion dollar budget, which is $1 bounc, or is $2.100 of that budget. And we don't out a billion dollars each one of these problems, and we're talking to you more. The vast majority can be solved. And the rest is to deal with. So I hope you find this both fascinating, I'm fascinated by this kind of stuff, I don't know. To me, it is a richard's cockroaches. But I also hope, because I think the people in this room can literally change the world. I hope you take some of this stuff away with you.