 often design them. During that time health and safety has become everything about my job. It's critical now that when a car crash happens it is just a stunt person who makes a safe, it's the crew. We can't be killing camera men, we can't be killing stunt men, we can't be killing anybody or hurting anybody on set or any passer by. So safety is everything but it wasn't always that way. In the old days of the silent movies Harold Lloyd here hanging famously from the clock hands. A lot of these guys did their own stunts, they were quite remarkable. They had no safety, no real technology. What safety they had was very scared. This is the first stunt woman. Rosie Venger, an amazing woman, you can see from this slide very very strong. She really paved the way at a time when no one was doing stunt, let alone women. My favourite and a real hero of mine is Yakima Konuts. Yakima Konuts really formed the stunt fight. He worked with John Wayne and most of those old punch ups you see in the rest of the Yakima are there or we stunt coordinating. This is a screen capture from stage coach where Yakima committed to doing one of the most dangerous stunts I've ever seen. There's no safety, no back support, no pads, no crash mats, no sand pits in the ground. That's one of those dangerous footsteps certainly. Talking of dangerous stunts and bringing things slightly up to date, one of the most dangerous stunts we do is stunt people of fire stunts. We couldn't do them without technology. These are particularly dangerous because there's no mask on my face. They were done for a photo shoot, one for the sun newspaper, one for FHN magazine. Highly dangerous but also you'll notice it doesn't look as though I'm wearing anything underneath the suit. The fire suits have rolled, the bulky suits, the thick woolen suits have been replaced with modern materials. Like no mechs. More recently carbonnecks, fantastic materials that enable us, a stunt professional, to burn for longer, look more spectacular and in pure safety. Here's a bit more. There's a guy with a flame throw there giving me what for. One of the things that a stunt man often does and you'll see it every time in the big movies is be blown through the air. We'll use to use trampets and in the old days that's all they had. That's a run. Spring off the thing and fly through the air and hopefully make it look good. Now we've got technology. This thing is called an air ran. It's a frightening piece of equipment so they're novice stunt performer because it will break your legs very very quickly if you land on it wrong. When you said that it works with compressed nitrogen and that's it, the up position. When you step on it either by remote control or with the pressure of your foot it will fire you, depending on the gas pressure, anything from five feet to 30 feet. I could quite literally fire myself into the gallery. So I'm sure you wouldn't want. Not today. Castances are another area where technology and engineering and advances have made life easier for us and safer. We can do bigger cast-dance than ever before now. Being run over is never easy. That's an old fashioned hard, gritty physical stunt. But we have padding and fantastic shock absorbing things like Zalbete and materials that help us when we hit like this.