 And it was the largest city that on the face of the planet at that point, but it was also the largest city that it had ever been built. And so the Victorians were trying to kind of live through and simultaneously invent a whole new scale of living, the scale of living that we now call metropolitan living. And it was in many ways at this point in the mid 1850s a complete disaster. They were basically a city living with a modern kind of industrial metropolis within Elizabethan public infrastructure. So people, for instance, just to gross you out per second, had cesspools of human waste in their basement like a foot to two feet deep. They would just kind of throw the buckets down there and hope that it would somehow go away. And of course it never really would go away. And all of this stuff basically had accumulated at a point where the city was incredibly offensive to just walk around in. It was an amazingly smelly city, not just because of the cesspools, but also the sheer number of livestock in the city were shot people, not just the horses, but people had cows in their attics that they would use for milk that they would kind of poised up there and keep them in the attic until literally their milk went out and they died. And then they were going to drag them off to the bone boilers down the street. So you would just walk around, London at this point, and just be overwhelmed with this stench. And what ended up happening is an entire kind of emerging public health system became convinced that it was the smell that was killing everybody, that was creating these diseases that would kind of bite through the city every three or four years. And cholera was really the great killer of this period. It arrived in London in 1832. And every four or five years another epidemic would take 10,000, 20,000 people in London and throughout the UK. And so the authorities became convinced that this smell was this problem. We had to get rid of this smell. And so in fact they can talk to a couple of early kind of founding public health interventions in the system of the city, one of which was called the nuisance and that, which they got everybody as far as they could to empty out their cesspools and just pour all that waste into the river. Because if we get it out of the streets, it'll smell much better. And oh, right, we drink from the river. So what ended up happening actually is they ended up increasing the outbreaks of cholera because, as we now know, cholera is actually in the water. It's a waterborne disease, not something that's in the air. It's not something you smell or inhale, it's something you ingest. And so one of the founding moments of kind of public health in the 19th century effectively poisoned the water supply of London much more effectively than any modern day bioterrorist could have ever dreamed of doing. So at this, this was kind of the state of London in 1854. And in the middle of all this kind of carnage and offensive conditions and in the midst of all this,