 resources, I got very upset. A balance upset as I did when I realized that the earth will only last about five billion years before it swallowed by the sun. It big events in my life, a strange child. Energy at the moment is dominated by resources. The countries that make a lot of money out of energy have something underneath them. Coal powered the industrial revolution in this country. Oil. Gas. Gas. I'm probably the only person who really enjoys it when Mr. Putin turns off gas cap because my budget goes up. We're really dominated now by those things that we're using up faster and faster and faster. And as we try to lift billions of people out of poverty in the third world, in the developing world, we're using energy faster and faster. And those resources are going away. And the way we'll make energy in the future is not from resource. It's really from knowledge. If you look 50 years into the future, the way we probably will be making energy is probably one of these three with some wind with some other things. But these are going to be the base load energy drivers. Solar can do it and we certainly have to develop solar. But we have a lot of knowledge to gain before we can make solar the base load energy supply for the world. Fish and our government is going to put in six new nuclear power stations. We're going to be putting six new nuclear power stations and probably more after that China is building nuclear power stations. Everybody is because they know that that's one sure way to do carbon free energy. But if you wanted to know what the perfect energy source is, the perfect energy source is one that doesn't take out much space has a virtually inexhaustible supply is safe. Doesn't put any carbon into the atmosphere. Doesn't leave any long live radioactive waste. It's fusion. But there is a catch, of course, as always, it catches in these cases. Fusion is very hard to do. We've been trying for 50 years. Okay, what is fusion? Here comes the nuclear physics. Sorry about that, but this is what turns me on. I was a strange girl. Nuclear energy comes for a simple reason. The most stable nucleus is iron, right in the middle of the periodic table. It's a medium-sized nucleus. And you want to go towards iron if you want to get energy. So uranium, which is very big, wants to split. But small atoms want to join together. Small nuclei want to join together to make bigger