 and having this event happen so close. My first thought when I was still kind of in the apartment looking out at it all, I was walking out on the street looking out on it just in front of our building, was that I made a terrible miscalculation in the book that I had just written because so much of that book was a celebration of the power and creative potential of density, of larger urban density of connecting people and putting them together in one place and putting them on a sidewalk together and having them share ideas and share a physical space together. And it seemed to me looking at that power burning and then falling, those power burning and falling, that in fact one of the lessons here was the density kills and that of all the technologies that were exploited to make that carnage come into being, probably the single group of technologies that cost the most lives for those that enable 50,000 people to live in two buildings, 110 stories above ground. If they hadn't been proud of you, you can pair the loss of life with the Pentagon to the Twin Towers and you can see that very powerfully. And so I started to think, well, you know, density, density, I'm not sure, you know, this was the right call. And I kind of ruminated on that for a couple of days and then about two days later the wind started to change a little bit and you could sense that the air was not healthy and so even though there were no cars still in the West Village where we lived, my wife sent me out to buy a large air filter at the bedbatton beyond which was located about 20 blocks away north. And so I went out, obviously I'm physically very strong person as you can tell. So I wasn't worried about carrying this thing, 20 blocks, but I walked out in this really miraculous thing happened to me as I was walking north to buy this air filter. Was that the streets were completely alive with people. There was an incredible, you know, a beautiful day as it was for about a week after. And the West Village had never seemed more lively. I walked up along Hudson Street where Jane Jacobs lived and written her great book that so influenced what I was writing in emergency. Passed the White Horse Tower on a great old bar where Dylan Thomas drank himself to death and the Bleaker Street playground was filled with kids and all the people who lived in the neighborhood who owned restaurants and bars and the neighborhood were all out there, had them all opened, people who were out there were no cars so it seemed even better in some ways. And it was a beautiful, urban day and the incredible thing about it was that the city was working. The city was there, all the things that make a great city successful, all the things that make a great city stimulating, they were all on display there on those streets. And I thought, well this is the power of the city. The power of the city we talk about cities is being centralized in space but what makes them so strong most of the time is they're decentralized in function. They don't have a center executive branch that you can take out and cause the whole thing to fail.