 departed from to our peril. I hear as an example from an odd bet on Thanksgiving in Boston Globe a couple of years ago, where the writer wrote, the Indian life was a difficult one, but there was no employment problems. Community harmony was strong, substance abuse unknown, crime nearly nonexistent, but warfare there was between tribes was largely ritualistic and seldom resulted in indiscriminate or wholesale slaughter. Now you're all familiar with this trickle we teach you to our children. We hear it on television and in story books. Now, the original title of this session was everything you know is wrong, and I'm going to present evidence that this particular part of our common understanding is wrong. That in fact, our ancestors were far more violent than we are, that violence has been in decline for long stretches of time. But today we are probably living in the most peaceful time in our species existence. Now in the decade of dark war and Iraq, a statement like that might seem somewhere between Poulouse and the Tory and C, but I'm going to try to convince you that that is the correct picture. The decline of violence is a fractal phenomenon. You can see it over millennia, over centuries, over decades and over years. Although there seems to have been a tipping point at the onset of the age of reason in the 16th century. One sees it all over the world, although not homogeneously. It's especially evident in the West beginning with England and Holland around the time of the Enlightenment. Let me take you on a journey from several powers of ten from the millennium scale to the year scale to try to persuade you of this. Until 10,000 years ago, all humans lived as hunter-gatherers without permanent settlements or government. And this is the state that's commonly thought to be one of primordial harmony. But the archaeologist Lawrence Keely, looking at casual key rates among contemporary hunter-gatherers, namely, which is our best source of evidence about this way of life, has shown a lot of different conclusion. Here's a graph that he put together showing the percentage of male deaths due to work fair in a number of foraging or hunting and gathering societies. The red bars correspond to the likelihood that a man will die at the hands of another man, as opposed to passing away natural causes, in a variety of foraging societies in the New Guinea Highlands and the Amazon rainforest. And they range from a rate of almost a 60% chance that a man will die at the hands of another man, to in the case of the Gabuski only a 15% chance. The tiny little blue bar in the lower left-hand corner plots the corresponding statistic from the United States and Europe in the 20th century, and it includes all the deaths of both world wars. Get the death rate in tribal war.