 It's an incubator. A dozen projects all having to do with continuity over the long term. Our core project is a rather ambitious folly. I suppose a mythic undertaking to build a 10,000 year clock that can really good, deep good time for that long period. And the design problems of a project like that are just absolutely delicious. Go to the clock. And what we have here is something many of you saw here three years ago. The first working prototype clock is about 9 feet high, designed by Danny Hillis and Alexander Rose. All is presently in London and is ticking away, very deliberately at the Science Museum there. So the design problem for today is going to be how do you house an eventual monumental clock like this. And really tick, deep good save time beautifully for 100 centuries. This was the first solution. Alexander Rose came up with this idea of a spiral-loid tower with continuous sloping ramps. And it looked like a way to go until you started thinking about what is deep time due to building. And this is what deep time does for building. There's a path in on. It's only 2450 years old. And look what it has to do. It's a beautiful project. They really knew it last forever because they built it out of absolutely huge stones. And now it's a pathetic ruin and no one even knows what it's used for. That's what happened to buildings. They're all of them. Even the most durable and intactable buildings like the pyramids in Giza are in bad shape when you look up close. They've been looted inside and out. And they're built to protect things that they don't protect things. So we got the thinking if you can't put things safely into building, where can you say, where you put them? We thought, okay, underground. How about underground with a view? Underground in a place that's really solid. So the obvious answer was we need a mountain. You don't want just any mountain. You need absolutely the right mountain. You're going to have a clock 10,000 years. So here's an image of the long view of the search problem. And we got thinking for various reasons. It ought to be a desert mountain. So we got looking in the dry areas of the Southwest. We looked at maces in New Mexico. We were looking at dead volcanoes in Arizona. Then Roger Kennedy, who was the director of National Park Service, led us to Eastern Nevada to America's newest and oldest national park, which is called Great Basin National Park. It's right on the eastern border of Nevada. It's the highest range in the state over 15,000 feet. And you'll notice that it's on the left, on the west. It's very steep, and on the right is its gentle. This place is remote. It's over 200 miles from any major city. It's nowhere near any intersection.