 could build on and perhaps help me do my work. The first piece of the puzzle is remoteness and the quality of education. By remoteness, I mean two or three different kinds of things. Of course, remoteness is its normal sense, which means that as you go further and further away from an urban center, you get to remotor areas. What happens to education? The second or the different kind of remoteness is that within the large metropolitan areas in all over the world, you have pockets like slums, shanty towns, poorer areas, which are socially and economically remote from the rest of the city. So it's us and them. What happens to education in that context? So keep both of those ideas of remoteness. We made a guess. The guess was that schools in remote areas do not have good enough teachers. If they do have, they cannot retain those teachers. They do not have good enough infrastructure. And if they had some infrastructure, they have a date that you maintain. But I wanted to check if this is true. So what I did last year was we took a part of the car. Looked up on Google, found the route into Northern India from New Delhi, which did not cross any big cities or any big metropolitan centers. Drove out about 300 kilometers. And wherever we found the school, I administered a set of standard tests. And then took those tests results, implanted it on a graph. The graph was interesting. Although you need to consider it carefully. I mean, this is a very small sample. You should not generalize from it. But it was quite obvious or quite clear that for this particular route that I had taken, the remotor of the school was the worst its results seemed to be. That seemed a little damning. And I tried to correlate it with things like infrastructure or with the availability of electricity and things like that. To my surprise, it did not correlate. It did not correlate with the size of classrooms, did not correlate with the quality of the infrastructure, did not correlate with the poverty levels. It did not correlate. But what happened was that when I administered a questionnaire to each of these schools, I, with one single question for the teachers, which was, would you like to move to an urban metropolitan area? 69% of them said yes. And as you can see from that, they say yes, just a little bit out of Delhi. And they say no.