 While loaded with toxic chemicals, inner body hundreds of compounds, all kinds of compounds are staggering, and they're dying off rather regularly tens of thousands around the world. It's predicted they may go extinct about a third of them within about 30 years. So my project is along the Northwest Atlantic. It's called Seals and Sentinels Recracky Pollution at the top of the Seed Web in marine metals and fish. It's a region-wide ecotoxicological investigation. We're looking at a lot of compounds, but recently, been quite interested in the flame retardants. The reminated flame retardants that are in many, many things that we use in our everyday life. From the cushions in the chairs we're all sitting on to the plastic casings of our computers, our television sets, and so on. So we are tracking how do these things get from the products into the ocean, which is the final sink for them. There's quite a complicated pathway for that because as these products age, they get concentrated in dust, and then they also get thrown out. So they go to landfills, they wind up in wastewater treatment plants. As you all know, we throw out billions of computers and TVs every year, and those go to e-waste dumps, and all that gets into surface waters eventually reaching the ocean-financing. So in our study, we did find quite high levels as we expected of these flame retardants in the harbor seals' bodies. We reported this, it led to a ban of this neurotoxic flame retardant called Gekka in Maine, where I am based, and also then a phase out US-wide at the end of last year. But we said, well, on the bright side, our harbor seals at least will not be bursting into flame anytime soon. So then I got really curious myself as a toxicologist, and I donated some blood to my lab and said, okay, let's do it. Well, we detected 113 different compounds in my blood, and I must say if any of you would have this done, you'd probably find a similar profile or cocktail, as you call it. But I was the recipient of a lot of flame retardant material for some reason, and just to point out the levels, Americans have 10, 40 times higher levels of these compounds in our bodies than the Europeans' wide because we are flame retarding everything, and we have weak regulations for toxic chemicals. But lower in the hulls, and one of the high-end individuals, lucky me. But then I thought, well, in case of a fire, I might be the last one to ignite. So anyway, here's the problem, and it is a problem that we're looking at in the Gulf today. We're not regulating chemicals in this country properly. We're hardly regulating them at all.