 Why, you should care that nearly half of the coral reefs had disappeared. Why, a mysterious depletion of oxygen and large areas of the Pacific should concern not only the creatures that are dying, but it really should concern you, does concern you as well. I'm haunted by the thought of what Ray Anderson calls tomorrow's child, asking why we didn't do something on our watch to save sharks and bluefin tuna and squids and coral reefs and the living ocean while there still was time. Well now is that time. I hope for your help to explore and protect the wild ocean in ways that will restore the health and in so doing secure hope for humankind. Health to the ocean means health for us and I hope Jill Tartars wish to engage earthlings includes dolphins and whales and other sea creatures and this quest to look for intelligent life elsewhere in universe and I hope Jill someday will find evidence that there is intelligent life among humans in this moment. Can I say that? I guess I did. For me as a scientist, it all began in 1953. When I first tried scuba, it's when I first got to no fish swimming and stuff and other than lemon slices and butter. I actually love diving at night. You see a lot of fish then, you don't see them the daytime. During day and night was really easy for me in 1970 when I let a team of aquenots living underwater for weeks at a time. At the same time that astronauts were putting their footprints on the moon. In 1979 I had a chance to put my footprints on the ocean floor while using this personal submersible called Jim. The six miles offshore and 1,250 feet down. It's one of my favorite bait and suits. Since then I've used about 30 kinds of submarines and I've even started three companies and the Nonprofit Foundation called Deep Search to design and build systems to access the deep sea. I've made a five year National Geographic Expedition, the Sustainable Seas Expeditions using these little subs. They're so simple to drive that even a scientist can do it. And I'm living proof. Astronauts and aquenots alike really appreciate the importance of air, food, water, temperature, all the things you need to stay alive in space or under the sea. I heard astronaut Joe Island explain how he had to learn everything he could about his life support system and then do everything.