 Our vision is to introduce this whole new realm of human interaction, into human computer interaction, so that computers can understand not only what you directed to do, but it can also respond to your facial expressions and emotional experiences. And what better way to do this than by interpreting the signals naturally produced by our brain, our center for control and experience? Well, it sounds like a pretty good idea, but this task, as Bruno mentioned, isn't an easy one for two main reasons. First, the detection algorithms. Our brain is made up of billions of active neurons, around 170,000 kilometers of combined axonelene. When these neurons interact, the chemical reaction emits an electrical impulse, which can be measured. The majority of our functional brain is distributed over the outer surface layer of the brain, and to increase the area that's available to mental capacity, the brain's surface is highly folded. Now, this cortical folding presents a significant challenge for interpreting surface electrical impulses. Each individual's cortex is folded differently, very much like a fingerprint. So even though a signal may come from the same functional part of the brain, by the time the structure has been folded, its physical location is very different between individuals, even identical twins. There is no longer any consistency in the surface signals. Outbreakthrough was to create an algorithm that unfolds the cortex so that we can map the signals closer to its source and therefore making it capable of working across a mass population. The second challenge is the actual device for observing brain waves. EG measurements typically involve a hair net with an array of sensors, like the one that you can see here in the photo. A technician will put the electrodes onto the scalp using a conductive gel or paste, and usually after a procedure of precaring the scalp by light abrasion. Now, this is quite time consuming and isn't the most comfortable process. And on top of that, these systems actually cost in the tens of thousands of dollars. So with that, I'd like to invite on stage Evan Grant, who was one of last year's speakers, who's kindly agreed to help me to demonstrate what we've been able to develop. So the device that you see is a 14 channel high fidelity EG acquisition system. It doesn't require any scalp preparation, no conductive gel or paste. It only takes a few minutes to put on and the signals to fettle. It's also wireless, so it gives you the freedom to move around. And compared to the