 particularly important to protect and helps to provide them with an important fantasy they can escape to. Photography threatens fantasy. They didn't want to let my camera in because it confronts constructed realities myths and beliefs and provides what appears to be evidence of a truth. But there are multiple truths attached to every image depending on the creator's intention, the viewer and the context in which it is presented. Over a five-year period following September 11th when the American media and government were seeking hidden and unknown sites beyond its borders. Most notably weapons of mass destruction. I chose to look inward at that which was integral to America's foundation, mythology and daily functioning. I wanted to confront the boundaries of the citizen, self-imposed and real, and confront the divide between privileged and public access to knowledge. It was a critical moment in American history and global history where one felt they didn't have access to accurate information. And I wanted to see the center with my own eyes. But what I came away with is a photograph and it's just another place from which to observe and the understanding that there are no absolute all-knowing insiders and the outsider can never really reach the core. I'm going to run through some of the photographs in this series. It's titled an American index of the hidden and unfamiliar and it's comprised of nearly 70 images in this context. I'll just show you a few. This is a nuclear waste storage and encapsulation facility at Hanford site in Washington state where there are over 1900 stainless steel capsules containing nuclear waste submerged in water, a human standing in front of an unprotected capsule would die instantly. And I found one section amongst all of these that actually resembled the outline of the United States of America, you can see here. And a big part of the work that is sort of absent in this context is text. So I create these two poles. Every image is accompanied with a very detailed factual text. And what I'm most interested in is the invisible space between a text and its accompanying image and how the image is transformed by the text and the text by the image. So if that's the image is meant to float away into abstraction and multiple truths and fantasy and then the text functions as this cool anchor that kind of nails it to the ground. But in this context, I'm just going to read an abridged version of those text. This is a prior preservation unit and it holds the bodies of the white and mother of Pionic's pioneer Robert Etcher who hoped to be awoken one day to extended life in good health with advancements and science.