 energy thing. Bill Gates talked about this morning. Okay, now if you want to understand autism animals and I want to talk you about different ways of thinking, you have to get away from verbal language. I think in pictures. I don't think in language. Now the thing about the autistic mind is it attends to detail. This is a test where you have to pick out the big letters or pick out the little letters and the autistic mind picks out the little letters more quickly. And the thing is the normal brain ignores the details. I'll get building a bridge details. It's pretty important to get them fall down if you ignore the details. And one of my big concerns with a lot of policy things today is things are getting too abstract. People are getting away from doing hands-on stuff. I'm really concerned that a lot of the schools have taken out the hands-on classes because art and classes like that. Those are the classes where I excel. Okay, in my work with cattle. I noticed a lot of little things that most people don't notice would make the cattle buck. Like for example this flag wave right in front of the veterinary facility. This figure is going to tear down the whole veterinary facility. All they needed to do was move the flag. Rapid movement, contrast. In the early 70s when I started I got right down in the shoots to see what cattle were seeing. People thought that was crazy. I told I'm a fancy making block. Shadows of making block. I holes on the floor. People weren't noticing these things. Chain hanging down. And that's shown very, very nicely in the movie. In fact, I love the movie how they duplicated all my projects. That's the geek side. My drawings got to start in a movie too. And actually it's called Temple Brand and not thinking in pictures. So what is thinking in pictures? It's literally movies in your pet. My mind works like Google for images. Now when I was a young kid I didn't know my thinking was different. I thought everybody thought in pictures. And then when I did my book thinking in pictures, I started interviewing people about how they think. And I was shocked to find out that my thinking was quite different. Like if I say think about a church people most people get this sort of generalized generic one. Now maybe that's not true in this room but it's going to be true. I know a lot of different places. I see only specific pictures. They flash up into my memory just like Google for pictures. And in the movie they've got a great scene in there where the word shoe is set and a whole bunch of 50s and 60s shoes pop into my imagination. Okay, there's my childhood church that's specific. There's some more for columns. Okay, how about famous ones? And they just kind of come up kind of like this. Just really quickly like Google for pictures. And they come up one at a time and then I think well okay well maybe we can have a snow or we can have a thunderstorm. I can hold it there in terms of individuals. Now visual thinking was a tremendous asset in my work designing cattle handling facilities. And I've worked really hard on improving on how cattle treated at slaughter plant. I'm not going to go on any gucky slaughter plant.