 Jami Shalboskiat, important to me because the first black artist in real time that showed me the possibility of who and what I was about to enter into. My overall project is about art, specifically about black artists, very generally about the way in which art can change the way we think about culture and ourselves. My interest is an artist who understand and rewrite history, who think about themselves within the narrative of the larger world of art, but who have created new places for us to see and understand. I'm showing two artists here, Glenn Ligon and Kara Walker, two of many who really form for me the essential questions that I wanted to bring as a curator to the world. I was interested in the idea of why and how I could create a new story, a new narrative in art history and a new narrative in the world. And to do this, I knew that I had to see the way in which artists work, understand the artist studio as a laboratory, imagine then reinventing the museum as a think tank and looking at the exhibition as the ultimate reality. As the ultimate white paper asking questions, providing the space to look and to think about answers. In 1994, when I was a curator at the Whitney Museum, I made an exhibition called Blackmail. It looked at the intersection of race and gender in contemporary American art. It sought to express the ways in which art could provide a space for a dialogue, complicated dialogue, dialogue with many, many points of entry and how the museum could be the space for this contest of ideas. This exhibition included over 20 artists of various ages and races, but all looking at Black masculinity from a very particular point of view. What was significant about this exhibition is the way in which it engaged me in my role as a curator, as a catalyst for this dialogue. One of the things that happened very distinctly in the course of this exhibition is I was confronted with the idea of how powerful images can be and people's understanding of themselves in each other. I'm showing you two works, one on the right, by Leon Golov, one on the left, by Robert Colescott. And in the course of the exhibition, which was contentious, controversial, and ultimately for me, life changing in my sense of what art be, a woman came up to me on the gallery floor to express her concern about the nature of how powerful images could be and how we understood it.