 And I organize it. And well, it's also a bit different because an architect versus, let's say, a dance company. Finally, is a negotiation between one's private world, one's conceptual world, the world of ideas, the world of aspirations, of inventions, with the relationship of the exterior world, and all the limitations, the naysayers, because I have to say, for my whole career, if there's anything that's been consistent, is been that you can't do it. No matter what I've done, what I've tried to do, everybody says it can't be done, and it's continuous across the complete spectrum of the various kind of realities that you confront with your ideas. And to be an architect, somehow, you have to negotiate between left and right, and you have to negotiate between this very private place where ideas take place, and the outside world, and make it understood. I can start any number of places, because this process is also, I think, very different than some of the morning sessions, which I had such a kind of very clear, such a linear idea, like the last one, say, with Howard, that I think the creative process and architecture, design process, is extremely secuitous, it's labyrinthum. It's Calvino's idea of the quickest way between two points is this, this is the secuitous line, not the straight line, and definitely my life has been part of that. I'm going to start with some simple pet emotions of kind of how we organize things, but basically what we do is we try to give coherence to the world. We make physical things, buildings to become a part of the crucial process of the cities, and those things are the reflection of the processes and the time that they are made. And what I'm doing is attempting to synthesize the way one sees the world and the territories which are useful as generative material, because really all I'm interested in, always as an architect, is the way things are produced, because that's what I do. And it's not based on an air-prayer emotion. I have no interest at all in conceiving something in my brain, and saying this is what it looks like. I'm not interested in that, should you and maybe was you in your introduction, but it's what architects, somebody say it's what business people come to, it's what the corporate world comes to and they might have made it look like something at the end of the line. Wow, it doesn't work that way for me at all. I have no interest in that whatsoever. Architecture is the beginning of something, because if you're not involved in first principles, if you're not involved in the absolute beginning of that generative process, it's cake decoration. And I'm nothing wrong with cake decoration, cake decorators of anybody's, well, in cake decorations, it's not what I'm interested in doing. And so in the formation of things, in giving it full one, in giving it in concretizing these things, it starts with some notion of how one organizes, and I've had for 30 years,