 He kind of assumes that yes, he'll become the, kind of these villages, he'll become the emperor with his, you know, and transform their society with his wonderful command of technology and science and the elements. But of course, realises that without the rest of human society, he can barely make a sandwich, let alone a toaster. But he didn't have Wikipedia. So I thought, okay, I'll try and make an electric toaster from scratch and working on the idea that the cheapest electric toaster would also be the simplest reverse engineer. I went and bought the cheapest toaster I could find, took it home and was kind of dismayed to discover that inside this object, which I'd bought for just three pounds 94, there were 400 different bits made out of, you know, 100 plus different materials. I didn't have the rest of my life to do this project. I had, you know, maybe nine months. I thought, okay, I'll start with five. And these were steel, mica, plastic, copper and nickel. So starting with steel, how to make steel. So I went and knocked on the door of the Rio Tinto chair over the parts, mineral extraction at the Royal School of Mines and said, how do you make steel? And Professor Sidious was very kind and talking through it and my vague memories from GCSE science, well, steel comes from iron. So I found up an iron mine and said, oh, hi, I'm trying to make a toaster, can I come up and get some iron? Unfortunately, when I got there, it merges Ray, he had misheard me and thought I was coming up so I was trying to make a poster. And so it wasn't kind of prepared to take me into the mines, but after some nagging, I got into doing that. It was crease limestone and that was produced by sea creatures. 350 million years ago, in a nice, warm, sunny atmosphere. You can when you study the geology, you can see what's happened in the past in the world. Terrific changes in the earth. So as you can see, they have the Christmas decorations up. And of course, it wasn't actually a working mine anymore because though Ray was a miner there, the mine had closed and been reopened as a kind of a tourist attraction because of course it can't compete on the scale of operations which are happening in South America, Australia, wherever. But anyway, I got my suitcase of iron ore and dragged it back to London on the train and then was faced with the problem, okay, how do you make this rock into components for a toaster? So I went back to Professor Sirius and he said, go to the library. So I did. And we're looking through the undergraduate textbooks on metallurgy.