 Here's my favorite bonehead concept from the 1990s in the Pentagon, the theory of anti-access, area of the Nile, asymmetrical strategies. Why do we call it that? Because it's got all those A's lined up, I guess. This is gobbledy-gook for. With the United States fights somebody, we're gonna be huge. They're gonna be small. They try to fight us in a traditional straight-up man, I'm gonna kick their ass. Which is why people don't try to do that anymore. I'm at the last Air Force General who had actually shot down an enemy plane in combat. He's now one star general. That's how distant we are from even meeting an Air Force willing to fly against stars. So that over-match capability creates problems, catastrophic successes of the White House calls. And we're trying to figure that out. Because it is an amazing capability. The question is, what's the good you can do with it? Okay, theory of anti-access area, area of the Nile, asymmetrical strategies. Gobbledy-gook that we sell to Congress. Because if we just told them we can kick anybody's asses, they wouldn't buy us all the stuff we want. So we say area of the Nile, anti-access asymmetrical strategies and their eyes glaze over. And they say, will you build it in my district? Here's my parody and they ain't much of a one. Let's talk about a battle space. I don't know, Taiwan Straits 2025. Let's talk about an enemy embedded within that battle space. I don't know. The million man swim. The United States has to access that battle space instantaneously. They throw up anti-access area denial, asymmetrical strategies. A banana peel on the tarmac. Trojan horses in our computer networks reveal all our Achilles heels instantly. We say China's yours. Problem with this approach, largely geographic definition, focus almost exclusively on the start of conflict. We feel the first half team in a league that insists on keeping score until the end of the game. That's the problem. We can run the score up against anybody. And then get our asses kicked in the second half. What they call for generation warfare. Here's the way I like to describe it instead. There is no battle space. US military cannot access. They said we couldn't do Afghanistan. We did it with ease. They said we couldn't do a rap. We did it with 150 combat casualties in six weeks. We did it so fast we weren't prepared for their collapse. There is nobody. We can't take down. Question is what do you do with the power? So there's no trouble accessing battle spaces. We have trouble accessing this transition space that must naturally follow and creating the peace space that allows us to move on. Problem is defense department over here beats the hell out of you. State Department over here says, come on, boy, I know you can make it. And that poor country.