 I think it also deprives the person of their livelihood, their dignity, their independence and the status of the family. So she is just one amongst the millions who are blind and the irony is that they don't need to be. A simple well-propon surgery can restore sight of millions and something even simpler, a pair of glasses can make millions you see. If we add to that, many of us here know for more productive because they have a pair of glasses, then almost one in five Indians will require I can, a staggering 200 million people. Today we are reaching not even 10 percent of them. So this is the context in which Arun came into existence about 30 years back as a post-retirement project of Dr. V. We started this with no money, had to mortgage his all his life savings to make a bank loan and the old time we have grown into a network of five hospitals, predominantly in the state of Tamil Nadu and the Pondicherry. And then we added several what we call as vision centers and as a hub and sport model. Then more recently we started managing hospitals in other parts of the country and also setting a hospital in other parts of the world as well. The last three decades we have done about 300,500 million surgeries, a vast majority of the poor people. Now each year we perform about 300,000 surgeries. A typical day at Arun, we would do about a thousand surgeries, maybe see about 6,000 patients, send out teams to the villages to examine, bring back patients, lots of telemedicine consultations. On the top of that do a lot of training both for doctors and technicians who will become the future staff of Arun. And then doing this day in and day out and doing it well requires a lot of inspiration and a lot of hard work. And I think this was possible thanks to the building blocks I couldn't place by Dr. V. I used to see the order of the village man because I have from a village and suddenly turned around and then you see it's into contact with inner being, you see it to be one with him. And here is a soul which has got all the simplicity of confidence, doctor whatever you say I accept it, an implicit faith in you and then you respond it. Here is a old lady who has got so much faith in me, I must do my best for her. When they grow in spiritual consciousness, they are going to be a lot of work.