 And so he gave me the time to code it up. So I basically roughed out what HTML, sort of like a high text protocol, HTTP, the idea of URLs, these names for things, which started HTTP. I wrote the code and put it out there. Why did I do it? Well, it was basically frustration. I was frustrated. I was working as a software engineer and this huge, very exciting lab. Lots of people coming from all over the world. They rang all sorts of different computers with them. They had all sorts of different data formats, all sorts of kinds of documentation systems so that in all that diversity, if I wanted to figure out how to build something out of one bit of this and bit of this, everything I looked into, I had to connect to some new machine. I had to learn to run some new program. I had to find the data maybe. The information I wanted in some new data format, and it was all completely compatible. It was just very frustrating. The frustration was that this all is unlocked, potential. In fact, on all these disks, there were documents. So if you just imagine all being part of some big, virtual documentation system in the sky, then on the internet, then life would be so much easier. Well, once you had an idea like that, it kind of gets under your skin, even if people don't read your memo, actually he did. It was found after he died, his copy, he found it, he didn't fake, but exciting, and put it on the corner. But in general, it was difficult to explain what the way it was like. It's difficult explaining to people now that it was difficult then. But then, okay, when test started, there was nowhere. So things like click didn't have the same meaning. I could show somebody a piece of hypertext, a page which has got links, and we click on a link and there'll be another hypertext page. Not impressive. No, we've seen that, we've got things on hypertext on CD runs. What was difficult was to get them to imagine. So imagine that that link could have gone to virtually any document you could imagine. That is the leap. They were very difficult for people to make. Well, some people did. So yeah, it was difficult to explain, but there was a grassroots movement. That is what we've made it most fun. That was the most exciting thing, not the technology, not the things people have done with it, but actually the community, the spirit of all these people getting together, sending emails. That's what it was like then. Do you know what? It's funny, but right now it's kind of like that again. I asked everybody more or less to put their documents, said, could you put your documents on this web thing? And you did. Thanks. It's been a blast, doesn't it? I mean, it's been quite interesting because we found out that the things that happened with the web really flowed away. They're much more than we originally imagined when we put together the little website that we started off with. Now I want you to put your data on the web.