 Now I'm a fairly slow learner, but eventually it occurred to me that maybe what passed for design wasn't all that important. Making things more attractive, making them a bit easier to use, making them more marketable. By focusing on a design, maybe just a single product, I was being incremental and not having much of an impact. But I think this small view of design is a relatively recent phenomenon and in fact really emerged in the latter half of the 20th century as design became a tool of consumerism. So when we talk about design today and particularly when we read about it in the popular press, we're often talking about products like these. Amusing yes, desirable, maybe important, not so very. But this wasn't always the way and I'd like to suggest that if you take a different view of design and focus less on the object and more on design thinking as an approach that we actually might see the result in a bigger impact. Now this gentleman is Embarge Kingdom Brunel, designed many great things in his career in the 19th century including the Clifton suspension bridge in Bristol and the Thames tunnel at Robohyd. Both great designs and actually very innovative too. His greatest creation runs actually right through here in Oxford. It's called the Great Western Railway and as a kid I grew up very close to here and one of my favorite things to do was to cycle along by the side of the railway waiting for the great big express trains to go past. You can see it represented here in J&W Turner's painting, Rain, Steam and Speed. Now what Brunel said that he wanted to achieve for his passengers was the experience of floating across the countryside. This was back in the 19th century and to do that meant creating the flattest gradients that ever yet been made. Which meant building long by ducks across river valleys. This is actually the by duck to puff the Thames at maidenhead and long tunnels such as the one at box in Wiltshire. But he didn't stop there. He didn't stop with just trying to design the best railway journey. He imagined an integrated transportation system in which it would be possible for a passenger to embark on a train in London and disembark from a ship in New York, one journey from London to New York. This is the SS Great Western that he built take care of the second half of that journey. Now Brunel was working a hundred years before the emergence of the design profession. But I think he was using design thinking to solve problems and to great world-changing innovations. Now design thinking begins with the