 running down resources, cutting down rainforests, spilling oil into the Gulf of Mexico, changing the climate. And the only thing that has actually remotely slowed down the relentless rise of carbon emissions over the last two to three decades is recession. And recession, of course, isn't exactly a reservation for hope either as we're busy finding out. So we caught in a kind of trap to dilemma, dilemma of growth. We can't live with it, we can't live without it, trash the system or crash the planet. It's a tough choice. It isn't much of a choice. And our best avenue of escape from this actually is a, it's a kind of blind faith in our own cleverness and technology and efficiency in doing things more efficiently. Now I haven't gone anything against efficiency and I think we are a clever species sometimes. But I think we should also just check the numbers, take a reality check here. So I want you to imagine a world in 2050 of around nine billion people all aspiring to Western incomes, Western lifestyles. And I want to ask the question and we'll give them that 2% hike in income in salary each year as well because we believe in growth. And I want to ask the question how far and how fast we have to move, how clever would we have to be, how much technology would we need in this world to deliver our carbon targets. And here in my chart on the left hand side is where we are now. This is the carbon intensity of economic growth in the economy at the moment. So around about 770 grams of carbon. In the world I describe to you, we have to be right over here on the right hand side. It's 6 grams of carbon. It's 130 fold improvement and that is 10 times further and faster than anything we've ever achieved in industrial history. Maybe we can do it, maybe it's possible, who knows, maybe we can even go further and get an economy that pulls carbon out of the atmosphere, which is what we're going to need to be doing by the end of the century. But shouldn't we just check first that the economic system that we have is remotely capable of delivering this kind of improvement. So I want to just spend a couple of minutes on system dynamics. It's a bit complex and I apologize for that. What I try and do is I try and paraphrase it in sort of human terms. So it looks a little bit like this. Firms produce goods for households. That's us and provide us with incomes. And that's even better because we can spend those incomes on more goods and services. That's called the circular flow of the economy. It looks harmless enough. I want to just highlight one key feature of this system, which is the role of investment. Now, investment constitutes only about a fifth of the national income in most modern economies, but it plays an absolutely vital role. And what it does essentially is to stimulate further consumption growth. It does this in a couple of ways. Chasing productivity, which drives down prices and encourages