 a while now we've been engaged in a field called active music. What are all the possible ways that we can think of to get everybody in the middle of a musical experience, not just listening but making music. And we started by making instruments for some of the world's greatest performers. We call these hyper instruments for Yoyo Ma, Peter Gabriel, Prince, Orkisters, Rock bands, instruments where there are all kinds of sensors built right into the instrument. So the instrument knows how it's being played. And just by changing the interpretation in the feeling, I can turn my cello into a voice or into a whole orchestra into something nobody's ever heard before. When we started making these, I started thinking, well, why can't we make wonderful instruments like that for everybody? People who aren't fantastic Yoyo Ma's or princes. So we've made a whole series of instruments. One of the largest collections is called the Brain Opera. It's a whole orchestra of about 100 instruments, all designed for anybody to play using natural skill. So you can play a video game drive through a piece of music, use your body gesture to control huge masses of sound, touch a special surface to make melodies, use your voice to make a whole aura. And when we make the Brain Opera, we invite the public to come in to try these instruments and then collaborate with us to help make each performance of the Brain Opera. We toured that for a long time. It's now permanently in Vienna where we built a museum around it. And that led to something which you probably do know. Guitar here came out of our lab and my two teenage daughters and most of the students at the MIT Media Lab approved that if you make the right kind of interface, people are really interested in being in the middle of a piece of music and playing it over and over and over again. So the model works, but it's only the tip of the iceberg because my second idea is that it's not enough just to want to make music in something like guitar hero and music is very fun, but it's also transformative. It's very, very important. Music can change your life more than almost anything. It can change your way you communicate with others. It can change your body. It can change your mind. So we were trying to go to the next step of how you build on top of something like guitar and guitar. We are very involved in education, have a long-term project called Toy Symphony where we make all kinds of instruments that are also addictive, but for little kids. So the kids will fall in love with making music, want to spend their time doing it and then will demand to know how it works, how to make more, how to create. So we make squeezy instruments like these music shapers that measure the electricity in your fingers, beat bugs that let you tap in rhythms, they gather your rhythm, and like hot potato, you send your rhythm to your friends and then have to imitate or respond to what you're doing. And a software package called Hyperscore, which lets anybody use lines and color to make quite sophisticated music extremely easy to use, but once you use it, you can go quite deep music in any style. And then by pressing a button, it turns into music notation so that live musicians can play your pieces. We've had good enough really very powerful effects with kids around the world and now people of all ages using Hyperscore. So we've gotten more and more interested in using these kind of creative activities in a much broader context for all kinds of people who don't usually have the opportunity to make music. So one of the growing fields that we're working on at the Media Lab right now is music, mind, and health.