 made that sculpture, turning it out of solid bronze and I did what that was about 35 feet long. The sun and it was about four inches in diameter and then it tapered over about 35 feet to about a millimeter at the earth end. And so it was for me it was really exciting just to see what it looks like if you could step outside into a larger context as though you were an astronaut and see these two things as an object because there are so intimately bound what what is meaningless without the other. Is there a relief in playing with these forces and and I'm wondering how much of a sense of discovery there is in playing with these forces? Yeah well like the magnetic or levitated objects like that that silver one there that was the result of hundreds of experiments with magnets trying to find a way to make something float with the least possible connection to the ground so I got it down to just one tether to be able to support. Now is this electromagnetic here or are these static? Because if the power went out it just be a big noise. Yeah it's really it's unsatisfactory having to plug in. Right. I agree. The magnetic works are combination of gravity and and magnetism so it's a mixture of these ambient forces that influence everything. The sun has a tremendous field that extends way beyond the planets and the earth's magnetic field protects us from the sun. There's this huge kind of invisible shape structures that that magnetism takes in universe but with the with a pendulum it allows me to manifest these invisible forces that are holding magnets magnets up. My sculptures are very normally very simplified try to refine them down to very simple forms but the paintings become very complex because I think the fields that are supporting them they're billowing their interpenetrating interference patterns and they're non-deterministic. I mean you don't know necessarily where you're headed when you begin even though the forces can be calculated. So the evolution of this I have this isn't your first pendulum. No. The first one I did was in the late 70s and I just had a simple cone with a spiket at the bottom of it. I threw it into an orbit and it only had one color and when it got to the center the paint kept running out so I had to run in there didn't have any control of the spiket. So that told me right away I need a remote control device but then I started dreaming of having six colors. I started thinking about it as the DNA