 come to know that to be the collective socialization of men. Better known as the man box. See this man box has in it all the ingredients of how we define what it means to be a man. Now also want to say without a doubt there are some wonderful, wonderful, absolutely wonderful things about being a man. But at the same time, there's some stuff that's just straight up twisting. And we really need to begin to challenge, look at it, and really get into the process of deconstructing, redefining what we come to know as manhood. This is my two at home, Kendra and Jay. They're 11 and 12, Kendra's 15 months over in Jay. There's a period of time, you know, when my wife named me standing out, we just got real busy and with a big fan boom, Kendra and Jay. And when they were about five and six, four and five, you know, Jay could come to me. He didn't matter, come to me crying, you know, he didn't matter what she was crying about. She can get on my knees, she can snuck my sleeve up, just cry, cry it out, daddy got you, that's all that's important. Now Kendra, on the other hand, like I said, he's only 15 months older than her, he come to me crying. It's like soon as I would hear him crying, a clock would go off. You know, I would give the boy probably about 30 seconds, which means by the time he got to me, I was already saying things like, why are you crying? Pull your head up, look at me, explain to me what's wrong. Tell me what's wrong, I can't understand you why you're crying. And out of my own frustration of my role and responsibility of building him up as a man to fit into these guidelines and these structures that are defining this man, but I would find myself saying things like, just go in your room, just going to go in your room, sit down, get yourself together and come back and talk to me when you can talk to me like what? Like a man, he's five years old, you know, as I grow in life, I would say to myself, my God, what's wrong with me? What am I doing? Why would I do this? And I think that, I think back to my father, there was a time in my life where we had a very troubled experience in our family. My brother Henry, he died tragically when he was teenagers. We lived in New York City, as I said, we lived in the Bronx at time. And the burial was a place called Long Island, but we were about two hours outside of the city. And as we were preparing to come back from the burial, the cars stopped at the bathroom, let folks take care of themselves for the long ride back to the city. And the limousine empties out, my mother and my sister, my aunt,