 They pretty much look the same. I've made him run into a wall here over and over again And you can see it looks always the same the reason for that is That these characters are actually not real characters. They are a Graphical visualization of the character to produce these animations and animator at a studio has to anticipate What's gonna happen in the actual game and then has to animate that particular sequence? So he or she sits down Animates it and tries to anticipate what's gonna happen and then these particular animations are just played back at a proper times In the computer game now the result of that is that you can't have real interactivity All you have is animations that are played back at more or less the appropriate times it also means that games I'm really going to be as surprising as they could be because you only get out of it at least in terms of the character What you actually put into it. There's no really merchants there and thirdly as I said most of the animations are very repetitive because of that now The only way to get around that is to actually simulate the human body and to simulate that bit of a nervous system of a brain that controls that body And maybe if I could have you put quick demonstration to show what the difference is because I mean Very very it's very trivial if I push trace a bit like this example he'll react to it if I push him From a different angle he'll react to it differently and that because he has a physical body and because he has the motor skills to control that body It's a very trivial thing. It's not something you get in computer games at the moment at all That's it. Yeah, so that's exactly That's what we're trying to simulate not crisp specifically. I should say but human in general Now we started working on this a while ago at Oxford University and tried to start very simply What we're trying to do was teach a stick figure and how to walk that stick figure is physically simulated You can see it here on the screen. So it's subject to gravity has joined et cetera So if you just run the simulation just to lapse like this The tricky bit is now to put a controller AI control in it that actually makes it work and for that we use the new Network which we based on that part of the nervous system that we have in our spine that controls what we do It's called the central pattern generator. So we simulated that as well and then the really tricky bit is to teach that network how to walk For that we use that especially evolution Genetic algorithms were about those already yesterday and I suppose that most of you are familiar with that already Which is briefly the concept is that he creates a large number of different Individuals neural networks in this case all of which are random beginning you hopefully start in this case to the virtual muscles of that two-legged creature here and Hope it does something interesting at the beginning. They're all going to be very boring most of them won't move at all But some of them might make a tiny step those are then selected by the algorithm reproduced with mutate