 destroy the living systems there. People are going to be hurt. This is a terrible thing. This oil is going to hurt people in the Gulf. What people don't think about is, what if the oil had made it safely to short? What if the oil had actually got where it was trying to go? Not only would it have been burned in engines and added global warming, but there's a place called Cancer Alley. And the reason it's called Cancer Alley is because the petrochemical industry takes that oil and turns it into plastic. And in the process, kills people. It shortens the lives of people who live there in the Gulf. So oil and petrochemicals are not just a problem. And it's a spill. The problem when there's not. And what we don't often appreciate is the price that poor people pay for us to have these disposable products. The other thing we often don't appreciate is it's not just the point of production for people's stuff. Poor people also suffer. At the point of use, those of us who are in a certain income level, we have something called choice. The reason you want to work hard and have a job and not be poor and broke is so you can have choices, economic choices. We actually do the chance to choose not to use products to have dangerous, poisonous, plastic in them. Other people who are poor don't have those choices. So low income people often are the ones who are buying the products that have those dangerous chemicals in them, the children are using. Those are the people who wind up actually adjusting a disproportionate amount of this poisonous plastic and using it. People say, well, they should just buy a different product. Well, the problem being poor is you don't have those choices. You often have to buy the cheapest products. The cheapest products are often the most dangerous. And if that weren't bad enough, it wasn't production of plastic that's giving people cancer in place like cancer, alley, and shortened lives. And hurting poor kids at the point of use. At the point of disposal, once again, it's poor people who bear the burden. Often, we think we're doing a good thing. You're in your office, you're drinking your bottle water, whatever it is, and you think yourself, hey, I'm going to throw this away. No, I'm going to be virtuous. I'm going to put it in the blue bin. They have to mind in the blue bin. And then you look at your colleague, but you greet him. You put yours in the white bin. You have those moral tickles. It's a good person. But if we, I mean, to give myself, not you, but I feel this way up. And so we kind of have this set of morals feel a good moment. But if we were to be able to follow that little bottle on its journey, we would be shocked to discover that all too off in that bottle is going to be put on a boat. It's going to go all the way across the ocean at some expense. And it's going to wind up in a developing country, off in China. I think in our minds, we imagine to take the little bottle. Say, oh, little bottle. We're so happy to see you, little bottle.