 I was the creator. I just did things. Then I became a doubtful and started knowing who I was and trying to maintain the person. I became creative. I wasn't until I actually did a book in a perspective exhibition. Then I could track exactly, looks like all the crazy things that I had done, all my drinking, all my parties. They thought this straight line that brings me to the point that I'm actually talking to you at this moment. It's actually true. The reason I'm talking to you right now is because I was born in Brazil. It was for the money, but it's probably all being Brazil. I was born in Brazil and grew up in the 70s under the climate of political distress. I was forced to communicate in a very specific way in a sort of a semiotic black market. You couldn't really say what you wanted to say, you had to invent ways of doing it. You didn't trust information very much. Then I led me to another step of why I'm here today is because I really liked media. Voltaiz was a media junkie and eventually got involved with advertising. My first job in Brazil was actually to develop a way to improve the profitability of billboards and based on speed, angle of approach and actually blocks of text. It was very good study and got me a job in an ad agency. They also decided that I had to give me a very ugly black-sigless trophy for it. Another point I'm here is that the day I went to pick up the black-sigless trophy, I rented a texido for the first time in my life. I picked up a thing, didn't have any friends. On my way out, I had to break a fight apart. Somebody was hitting somebody else with breast knockedness. You were a texido, fighting very ugly. And also advertising did the house town. And what happened is when I went back, my way back to the guy who got hit, I just had to grab a gun and go where he had a gun. He shoot the first person, he decided to be his aggressive. The first person was there, he had like a texido. It was me. Luckily, it wasn't fatal. As you can see. And even more, luckily, the guy said that he was sorry and I brined him for compensation money. It wasn't press charges. And that's how, with this money, I paid a ticket to come to the United States in 1983. And that's very the basic reason I'm popping to you here today. Because I got shot. Well, when I started working with my own work, I decided that I shouldn't do images. I became a very eclectic approach. Because when I decided to go into advertising, I wanted to do, and I wanted to have brushed naked people on ice or whiskey commercial. That's what I really wanted to do.