 of protoplasm, interacting with each other, and from this activity emerges the whole spectrum of abilities that we call human nature and human consciousness. How does this happen? Well, there are many ways of approaching the functions of human brain. One approach, the one view is mainly, is to look at patients with sustained damage to a small region of the brain. It's been a genetic change in a small region of the brain. What then happens is not an across-the-board reduction in all your mental capacity, the sort of blunting of your cognitive ability, what you get is a highly selective loss of one function that other functions being preserved in time. This gives you some confidence in asserting that that part of the brain is somehow involved in mediating that function. So you can then map function onto structure and then find out what the circuitry is doing to generate that particular function. So that's what we're trying to do. So let me give you a few striking examples of this. But I'm giving you three examples, six minutes each during this talk. The first example is an extraordinary syndrome called Capgras syndrome. Look at the first slide then. That's the temperalobs, frontal lobes, parietal lobes, the lobes that constitute the brain. And if you look tucked away inside the inner surface of the temperalobe, you can't see that. It's a little structure called the fusiform gyros. That's been called a face area in the brain because when it's damaged, you can no longer recognize people's faces. You can still recognize them from their voice. They say, oh, yeah, that's Joan. But you can't look at their face and know who it is. You can't even recognize yourself in the mirror. I mean, you know it is. It's you. When you wink, it winks and you know it's a mirror. But you don't really recognize yourself as yourself. Okay. Now, that syndrome is well known. It's called the damaged fusiform gyros, but there's another rare syndrome. So rare in fact, there are very few physicians have heard about it. Not even neurologist. This is called the cum-crut delusion. And that is, a patient who's otherwise completely normal, who had a head injury, comes out of coma, otherwise completely normal. He looks at his mother and says, this looks exactly like my mother, this woman, but she's an imposter. She's some other woman pretending to be my mother. Now, why does this happen? Why would somebody, this person is perfectly lucid and intelligent in all of their respects. But when he sees his mother, this delusion kicks in, says not mother. Now, the most common interpretation of this, which you find in all of the psychiatry textbooks, is a Freudian view. That is, the dishap and the same argument applies to women by the way, but I'll just talk about guys. When you're a little baby, and a young baby, you have a strong sexual attraction to your mother. This is so called irupus complex of Freud. I'm not saying I believe this, but this is just a standard Freudian view. And then as you grow up, the cortex develops and inhibits these latent sexual urges towards your mother. Hang on, otherwise we'd all be sectional around. And you saw your mother. And then what happens is there's a blow to your head.