 Andrew Barry Merrothal, all her wonderful charm is not glamorous either. But there is a glamour of industry. This is Margaret Burke White's one of her pickers. She did fantastic glamourous pictures of steel mills and paper mills at all. It's a glamorous industrial places. And there's the mythic glamour of the garage entrepreneur. This is the Hula Packer garage. We know everyone who starts a business in a garage ends up founding Hula Packer. There's the glamour of physics. What could be more glamorous than understanding the entire universe, grand unification and, by the way, it helps if you're Brian Green has other kinds of glamour. And there is, of course, this glamour. This is very, very glamourous, the glamour of outer space. Not the alien-style glamour, but the nice, clean, early 60s version. So what do we mean by glamour? Well, one thing you can do if you want to know what glamour means is you can look in the dictionary. And it actually helps a lot more to look in a very old dictionary. In this case, the 1913 dictionary. Because for centuries, glamour had a very particular meaning. And the word was actually used differently from the way we think of it. You had a glamour. It wasn't glamour as a quality. You cast a glamour. glamour was a literal magic spell. Not a metaphorical one the way we use it today, but a literal magic spell associated with witches and gypsies and to some extent, Celtic magic. And over the years, around the turn of the 20th century, it started to take on this slightly different other kind of deception, this definition for any artificial interest in or association with an object through which it appears delusively magnified or glorified. But still, glamour is an illusion. glamour is a magic spell. And there's something dangerous about glamour throughout most of history. When the witches cast a magic spell on you, that was not in your self interest. It was to get you to act against your interests. Well, of course, in the 20th century, glamour came to have this different meaning associated with Hollywood. And this is Hetty Lamar. Hetty Lamar said anyone can look glamour. All you have to do is sit there and look stupid. But in fact, I'll do respect to Hetty. The only thing about him will hear more later that there's a lot more to it. There was a tremendous amount of technical achievement associated with creating this Hollywood glamour. There were scores of retutters and lighting experts and makeup experts. You can go to the Museum of Hollywood History and Hollywood and see Max Factor's special rooms that he painted different colors, depending on the complexion of the star he was going to make up so that you got this highly stylized portrait of something that was not entirely of this earth, with a portrait of a star. And actually, we see glamourized photos of stars all the time. They call them false colors. glamour is a form of false eviction.