 stickers of tallow candles that brought into being the great art of the Upper Paleolithic. And I spent two months in the cave of Southwest France with a poet Clayton Echelman who wrote a beautiful book called Juniper Fuse. You could look at this art and you could of course see the complex social organizations of the people who brought it into being. But more importantly, it spoke of a deeper yearning, something far more sophisticated than hunting magic. And the way Clayton put it was this way, he said, you know, clearly at some point we were all of an animal nature and at some point we weren't. And he viewed proto-chaminism as a kind of an original attempt through rituals to rekindle a connection that had been irrevocably lost. So he saw this art not as hunting magic but as postcards of nostalgia. And viewed in that light, it takes on a whole nother residence and the most amazing thing about the Upper Paleolithic art is that as an ascetic expression, it lasted for almost 20,000 years. If these were postcards in the nostalgia, ours was a very long farewell indeed. And it was also the beginning of our discontent because if you wanted to distill all of our experience since the Paleolithic, it would come down to two words, how and why. And these are the slivers of insight upon which cultures have been forged. Now, all people share the same raw adaptive imperatives. We all have children, we all have to deal with the mystery of death, the world that waits beyond death, the elders who fall away to their elderly years. All of this is part of a common experience and this shouldn't surprise us because after all biologists have finally proven it to be true, something that philosophers have always dreamt to be true. And that is the fact that we're all brothers and sisters. We're all cut from the same genetic clock. All of humanity probably is descended from a thousand people who left Africa roughly 70,000 years ago. But the corollary of that is if we all are brothers and sisters and share the same genetic material, all human populations share the same raw human genius, the same intellectual acuity. And so whether that genius is placed into petalogical wizardry has been the great achievement of the West or by contrast into unraveling the complex threads of memory inherent in the myth is simply a matter of choice and cultural orientation. There is no progression of affairs in human experience. There's no trajectory of progress. There's no pyramid that conveniently places Victorian England at the apex and descends down the flanks to the so-called primitives of the world. All peoples are simply cultural options, different visions of life itself. But what do I mean by different visions of life making for completely different possibilities for existence? Well, let's slip for a moment into the greatest culture sphere ever brought into being by the imagination that of Paul and Nisha. Ten thousand square kilometers, tens of thousands of islands flung like jewels upon the southern sea.