 18 is 9, the second sun took his third, a third of 18 is 6, the youngest sun took his ninth, a ninth of 18 is 2. He got 17, he had one camel left over, they gave it back to the wise old woman. Now if you think about that story for a moment, I think it resembles a lot of the difficult negotiations we get involved in. They start off like 17 camels, no way to resolve it. Somehow what we need to do is step back from those situations, like that wise old woman, look at the situation through fresh eyes and come up with an 18th camel. Now finding that 18th camel in the world's conflict has been my life passion. I basically see humanity a bit like those three brothers, we're all one family. We know that scientifically, thanks to the communications revolution, all the tribes on the planet, all 15,000 tribes are in touch with each other. And it's a big family reunion, and yet like many family reunions, it's not all peace and light. There's a lot of conflict. And the question is, how do we deal with our differences? How do we deal with our deepest differences, given the human propensity for conflict, and the human genius at devising weapons of enormous destruction? That's the question. Because I've spent the last better part of three decades, almost four, traveling the world, trying to work, getting involved in conflicts, ranging from Yugoslavia to the Middle East to Chechnya, to Venezuela, some of the most difficult conflicts on the face of the planet, I've been asking myself that question. And I think I've found in some ways what is the secret to peace. It's actually surprisingly simple. It's not easy, but it's simple. It's not even new. It's maybe one of the most ancient human heritages. The secret to peace is us. It's us who act as a surrounding community around any conflict, who can play a constructive role. Let me give you just a story, an example. About 20 years ago, I was in South Africa working with the parties in that conflict, and I had an extra month, so I spent some time living with several groups of sun, bushmen. I was curious about them, about the way in which they resolved conflict. Because after all, they're within living memory, they were hunters and gatherers living pretty much like our ancestors lived for maybe 99% of the human story. And all the men have these poise and arrows that they use for hunting. Absolutely fatal. So how big deal were their differences? Well, what I've learned is, whenever tempers rise in those communities, someone goes and hides the poise and arrows out in the bush. And then everyone sits around in a circle like this, and they sit and they talk, and they talk, and they take two days, three days, four days, but they don't rest until they find a resolution or better yet a reconciliation.