 invention. No, that's not true either. Collie, I'm just totally losing it. My 44th patent, about 15th invention. I called this hypersonic sound. I'm going to play it for you in a couple minutes, but I want to make an analogy before I do to this. I usually show this hypersonic sound and people will say, that's really cool, but what's a good for? And I say, what is the life bob good for? Sound like. I'm going to draw the analogy. When Edison invented the light bulb, pretty much looked like this. It hasn't changed that much. Light came out of it in every direction. Before the light bulb was invented, people had figured out how to put a reflector behind it, focus it a little bit, put lenses in front of it, focus it a little bit better. Ultimately, we figured out how to make things like lasers that were totally focused. Now think about where the world would be today. If we had the light bulb, but you couldn't focus light, if when you turn one on, it just went wherever it wanted to. That's the way loudspeakers pretty much are. You turn on a loudspeaker and after almost 80 years of having those gadgets, the sound just kind of goes where it wants. Even when you're standing in front of a megaphone, it's pretty much every direction. A little bit of differential, but not much. If the light bulb was the way the speaker is, and you couldn't focus or sharpen the headdives or define it, we wouldn't have that or movies in general or computers or TV sets or CDs or DVDs and just go down the list of what the importance is of being able to focus light. Now after almost 80 years of having sound, I thought it was about time we figure out a way to put sound where you want to. I have a couple units. That guy there was made for a demo I did yesterday, early in the day, for a big carmaker in Detroit who wants to put them in car, small version over your head, so that you can actually get by a normal sound in a car. What if I could aim sound the way I aim light? I got this waterfall and recorded in my backyard. Now you're not going to hear a thing, unless it hits you. Maybe if I hit the sidewall on the around the room. The sound is being made right next to your ears. That cool. Because I have some limited time, I'll cut it off for a second and tell you about how it works and what it's good for. Of course, like light, it's great to be able to put sound, highlight a clothing rack or the cornflakes or the toothpaste or talking plaque in a movie theater lobby. Sony's got an idea. Sony's our biggest customers right now. They tried this back in the 60s.