 is being inverted by the net. And that's what I want to talk about today and how that relates to the emergence of social production. Starting with newspapers, what we saw was high cost as an initial requirement for making information knowledge in culture, which led to a stark bifurcation between producers who had to be able to raise financial capital just like any other industrial organization and passive consumers that could choose from a certain set of things that this industrial model could produce. Now, the term information society, information economy for a very long time has been used as the thing that comes after the industrial revolution. But in fact, for purposes of understanding what's happening today, that's wrong. Because for 150 years, we'd had an information economy. It's just been industrial, which means those who were producing had to have a way of raising money to pay those $2.5 million and later more for the telegraph and the radio transmitter and the television and eventually the main frame. And that meant they were market-based or they were government-owned, depending on what kind of system they were in. And this characterized and anchored the way information and knowledge were produced for the next 150 years. Now, let me tell you a different story. Around June 2002, the world of supercomputers had a bombshell. The Japanese had, for the first time, created the fastest supercomputer, the NEC Earth simulator, taking the primary from the US. And about two years later, this, by the way, is measuring the trillion floating point operations per second capable of the computer's capable of money. Cyberleaf IBM, Gene Blue, has just edged ahead of the NEC Earth simulator. All of this completely ignores the fact that throughout this period, there's another supercomputer running in the world, set it at home, 4.5 million users around the world, contributing their leftover computer cycles whenever their computer isn't working by running a screensaver. And together, sharing their resources to create a massive supercomputer that NASA harnesses to analyze the data coming from radio telescopes. What this picture suggests to us is that we've got a radical change in the way information production has changed is capitalized. Note that it's become less capital intensive than there's less money that's required, but that the ownership of this capital, the way the capitalization happens is radically distributed. Each of us in these advanced economies has one of these, or something rather like it, a computer. They're not right.