 Hanna bella seg, da ting, ya, da, da, da, da, da, Dua di, Andribe ka, uman, get busy Cursi, da, do ri, da, stop, when the beat drops Gap, seg, and get, seg, get, get from top Bracken, and the ting, you want the khani, that's the lead Deh, ma, da, thank, bitching Oh obviously you got help on every duhey Look, lemme review the mom'ava Check nam com Doesn't actually take pictures, But eh, someone like cheaper taking somebody who's been searching for someone more capable. He's nearserre. His shoes have turned into dancing. rainforest. Tear. Looking at me right there, the house is filled with connison, Wanters? I know this letter will come to you surprisingly, but let it not be a surprise to you for nature has a way of arriving unannounced. And as an adage says, original is very hard to find, but their echoes sound outer. So I decided to contact you myself, or you don't show me of safety and honesty. If I have to entrust any amount of money under your custody. I am Mr. Michael Bangura, the son of late Mr. Tian Bangura. Who is the minister of finance in Sierra Leone? Who was killed during the Civil War? Knowing your country to be economical conducive for investment, and your people as transparent and trustworthy to engage in business on which premise I write you. Before my father death, he had the sum of 23 million United States dollars, which he kept away from the rebel leaders during the course of the war. This fund was supposed to be used for the rehabilitation of water reserves all over the country before the outbreak of war. When the war broke out, the rebel leader demanded that the fund be given to him. My father insisted it was not in his possession. He was killed because of his refusal to release the fund. Meanwhile, my mother and I is the only person who knows about the fund because my father always confided me. I quickly made an arrangement with a Red Cross Relief order. He used his official van to transport the money to lunging airport free town, although he did not know the real contents of the box. The fund was deposited as a family resure in a safe reliable security company into car Senegal, where I was only given temporary asylum. I do not wish to invest the money in Senegal due to un favourable economic climate and so close to my country. The only assistance I need from you, which I know you would do for me, are the following. One, be a silent partner and receive the funds in your account in trust.