 opposite each other on the earth. And people started laying bread and tribute and eventually a team was able to do it between New Zealand and Spain. It's pretty incredible the videos online. Connecting to people in projects like Young Me Namy, for example. In Young Me Namy, the audience was asked to find a childhood photograph of themselves and restage it as an adult. This is the same person, top photo James, bottom photo Julia. Wait, this was a mother's day gift. Particularly creepy. My favorite of these photos which I couldn't find is there's a picture of a 30-year-old woman or so with a little baby on the lap in the next photo. There's a 220 pound man with a tiny little old lady peaking over his shoulder. But this project changed the way that I found about connecting to people. This is a project called Ray. And what happened was I sent this piece of audio and had no idea who generated the audio. Somebody said you have to listen to this. And this is what came to me. Hi, my name is Ray. Yesterday my daughter called me because she was stressed out because of the things that were going on on her job. She felt quite unfair. Being quite disturbed, she called for comfort and I didn't really know what to tell her because we have to deal with so much mess in our society. So I was led to write this song just for her to just give her some encouragement while dealing with stress and pressures on her job. And I figured I'd put it on internet for all employees on the stress. Help you better deal with what you're going through on your job. Here's how the song goes. I'm about to whip somebody's ass. Oh, I'm about to whip somebody's ass. Oh, if you don't leave me alone, you're going to have to send me home. Because I'm about to whip somebody's ass. Now you might not be able to sing that all loud, but you can hum it to yourself and you know what the words are. Let it give you some strength to get through the next few moments on your job. All right, stay strong. Peace. So yeah, no, no, shush. We got to go quickly. So I was so moved by this. Right, this is incredible. This was this was connecting, right? This was at a distance realizing that someone was feeling something wanting to affect them in a particular way, using media to do it, putting on our mind and realizing that it was a greater impact. This was incredible. This is what I wanted to