 ever discovered to tell your story of all of us. Salam is an almost complete skeleton of a three-year-old girl who lived and died 3.3 million years ago. She belonged to the species known as Australopithecus aphorosis. You don't need to remember that. It's a lucid species and was found by my research team in December 2000 in an era called the Kikas. It's an oldest and part of Ethiopia. And Salam means peace. In many Ethiopian languages, we use that name to celebrate peace in the region and in the planet. And the fact that it's a story of all of the famous magazines, gives you an idea of first significance. After I was invited by Ted, I did some digging because of what we do to know about my host. We don't just jump into invitation. And I learned that the first technology appeared in the form of stone tools 2.6 million years ago. First, entertainment comes evidence from flutes that are 35,000 years ago and evidence for first design comes 75,000 years old beads. And you can do the same with your jeans and track them back in time. And the analysis of living humans and chimpanzees teaches us today that we diverge some time around 7 million years ago. And that these two species share over 98% of the same genetic material. I think knowing this is very useful context within which you can think of our ancestry. However, DNA analysis informs us only about the beginning and the end. Telling us nothing about what happened in the middle. So for us, piliontrapologists are job is to find the hard evidence, the fossil evidence to fill in this gap and see the different stages of development. Because it's only when you do that, then you can talk about how we look like and how we behave at different times and how those lights and looks and behavior change it so that time. That then gives you an access to explore the mechanisms, the biological mechanisms and the forces that are responsible for this gradual change that made us what we are today. But finding the hard evidence is a very complicated endeavor. It's a systematic and scientific approach which takes you to places that are remote, hot, hostile and often with no access. Just give you an example when I went to the Kika where the lamp was found in 1999 and it's about 500 kilometers from my disavowable, the capital of Ethiopia. It took us only 7 hours to do the first 470 kilometers of the 500 but took 4 solid hours to do the last only 70 kilometers. With the help of the locals and using the shovels.